END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT AND IGN/GAMESPY PRIVACY POLICY

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.	BY USING OR INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE, OR BY
PLACING OR COPYING THIS SOFTWARE ON YOUR COMPUTER HARDWARE, COMPUTER
RAM OR OTHER STORAGE MEDIUM, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
OF THIS LICENSE AND THE TERMS OF THE IGN/GAMESPY PRIVACY POLICY.  IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PROMPTLY DISCONTINUE THE INSTALLATION
PROCESS AND CEASE ALL USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

1. License.  The application, demonstration, system and other software
and the related documentation and any files that are delivered to you
by Midway Home Entertainment Inc. (if you install the Software in North
America) or Midway Games Ltd. (if you install the game outside of North
America) ("Midway"), its licensors, including Epic Games, Inc.
("Epic"), or their designees to update, supplement, or modify the
software program (the "Software") are licensed only for your use and
gaming enjoyment, subject to terms and limitations in this License. 
For purposes of this License and the grant of rights you receive, the
term "Software" shall also include Server-Only Software as defined
below in Section 2 except where otherwise noted.  The Software is
licensed, not sold.  The license fee you paid gives you the right to
use the Software.  Epic, Midway and their licensors reserve all other
rights (we talk about this more in Section 5 below).  The Software
contains third party programs, and the license terms with those
programs apply to your use of them.  You will comply with all
requirements imposed upon Epic by third party service providers and
licensors, including, without limitation, Interactive Data
Visualization, Inc.  If the Software is configured for loading onto a
hard drive, you may only load one copy of the Software onto the hard
drive of a single computer and only run the Software off that hard
drive.	However, you may participate in a multiplayer configuration
(such as in an Internet gaming room) with other players who also have
valid licenses; in other words, your friends must license their own
copies of the Software.  There is an editor incorporated into the
Software which, if you use it, is subject to Section 11 below.	

2. Server-Only Software.  "Server-Only Software" is not a full-fledged
version of the game software program and is licensed for use only on a
server computer, which is a multi-user computer that provides a service
or resources over a network connection.  The Server-Only Software is
licensed for use only under the terms of this License, and Epic
reserves all rights not expressly granted to you.  The Server-Only
Software is delivered to you over the Internet by Epic.  The
Server-Only Software license does not include a license to the Game
delivered by Midway.  You own the media on which the Server-Only
Software is recorded, but Epic retains ownership of the Server-Only
Software itself.  You may not rent, lease, lend, redistribute, or
sublicense the Server-Only Software.  You may connect an unlimited
number of client computers to each validly licensed copy of the
Server-Only Software; provided, however, that the number of
simultaneous user connections each has a valid Game Software license. 
To the extent that the Server-Only Software contains third party
software, Epic has no express or implied obligation to provide any
technical or other support for such third party software.  The
Server-Only Software is available for license at
www.unrealtournament3.com or on a mirror site.	

3. Commercial Exploitation. You may not use this game, or any Mods
(we'll explain this term later on) created for this game or using the
tools provided with this game, for any commercial purposes without the
prior written consent of Epic including, but not limited to, the
following rules. You may not, without prior written consent from Epic,
operate the Software in any gaming contest where (a) the cash value of
all winnings and prizes paid throughout the entire competition is equal
to or greater than US$5,000.00 OR (b) the name of the event, or any
individual contest therein, incorporates or approximates the name of a
company, product or commercial service OR (c) any company has provided,
whether donated or as sponsorship, prizes, products or services worth
with a fair market value of over US$5,000.00 OR (d) you have indicated
that Epic or Midway is a sponsor of such gaming contest. 

4. Pay for Play and Server Hosting Services.  If you are the proprietor
of an Internet café or LAN gaming center, you may operate the Software
in a "pay for play" or "timeshare" environment provided that all
computers used have validly licensed Software installed.  If you
provide commercial server hosting services, you may use the dedicated
server software to provide server hosting services for profit.

5. Use Restrictions.  We want you to enjoy our products for years to
come, and we want to be able to continue to make awesome games, so you
need to be aware that there are some things you cannot do with the
Software.  The Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets
and other proprietary material which belongs to Epic, Midway or to our
licensors.  You agree that you are not a third party beneficiary of any
agreements between Epic and our licensors, or Midway or its licensors,
including, without limitation, Interactive Data Visualization, Inc. 
You may not work around any technical limitations in the Software.  You
may not decompile, modify, reverse engineer, publicly display, prepare
derivative works based on the Software (except as permitted in Section
11, below), disassemble or otherwise reproduce the Software.  Except as
set forth herein, you may not rent, sell, lease, barter, sublicense or
distribute the Software.  You may not delete the copyright notices or
any other proprietary legends on the original copy of the Software. 
You may not offer the Software on a pay-per-play basis or otherwise
commercially exploit the Software or use the Software for any
commercial purpose except as described in this agreement.  You may not
publish the Software for others to copy, or electronically transmit the
Software from one computer to another or over a network.  If you
purchased the Software in North America, You agree and certify that
neither the Software nor any other technical data received from Epic or
Midway, nor the direct product thereof (whether a process or service or
otherwise), will be directly or indirectly exported or transmitted
outside the United States except as authorized and as permitted by the
laws and regulations of the United States.  In particular, but without
limitation, the Software may not be exported or re-exported (i) into
(or to a national or resident of) any U.S. embargoed country or (ii) to
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce's Table of Denial Orders. 
By using the Software, you represent and warrant that you are not
located in, under control of, or a national or resident of any such
country or on any such list.  If the Software has been rightfully
obtained by you outside of the United States, you agree that you will
not re-export or transmit, directly or indirectly, the Software nor any
other technical data received from Epic or Midway, except as authorized
by the laws and regulations of the United States and the laws and
regulations of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Software. 
You agree that you will not export in any manner the Software without
first obtaining all necessary approvals from the appropriate agencies
in the United States and any other applicable countries.  If you
purchased the Software outside of North America, You agree that you
will not re-export or transmit, directly or indirectly, the Software
nor any other technical data received from Epic or Midway, except as
authorized by the laws and regulations of the jurisdiction in which you
obtained the Software.	You agree that you will not export in any
manner the Software without first obtaining all necessary approvals
from the appropriate agencies.

6. Cheating.  Nobody likes a cheater.  It's a disgraceful way to earn a
win and really is an insult to those players who earn their wins in
on-line games the old-fashioned way-WITH TALENT.  We're pretty hard on
cheating in on-line games using the Software because it sullies the
overall gaming experience and is JUST PLAIN LAME.  With that in mind,
if you are caught cheating in an on-line game using the Software we
will immediately and permanently ban your account.  At that point, this
License is automatically terminated and you must immediately delete
this software from your PC.  Failure to comply with this last bit
(deleting the software) may bring on the wrath of the lawyers.	Trust
us?you don't want that.

7. Limited Trademark License.  If you provide commercial server hosting
services or if you are the proprietor of an Internet café or LAN gaming
center, and you operate the Software in a "pay for play" or "timeshare"
environment in compliance with Section 4 above, you are licensed by
Epic to use only the Unreal Tournament 3 logo and the Circle-U logo
trademarks only in connection with your advertisement and promotion of
the Software in association with your Internet café, LAN gaming center,
or dedicated server business.  High-resolution versions of these logos
are available for download at www.epicgames.com/ut3tmguidelines.html,
and your use of these trademarks shall be in accordance with Epic's
trademark usage guidelines provided therewith.	Nothing contained in
this Agreement shall give you any interest or additional rights in such
trademarks or in any other trademarks owned by Epic.  

8. No Other License.  Epic and Midway retain ownership of all
proprietary information and all patent, copyright, trade secret or
other intellectual property rights owned by each of them.  No rights or
licenses are granted by Epic or Midway under this License, expressly or
by implication, with respect to any such proprietary information or
patent, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property rights
owned or controlled by Epic or Midway, except as expressly provided in
this License.

9. Termination.	This License is effective until one of us terminates
it.  You may terminate this License at any time by destroying the
Software and related documentation.  In the unlikely event that you are
naughty and fail to comply with any provision of this License, this
License will terminate immediately without notice from Epic or Midway. 
Upon termination, you must destroy the Software and related
documentation.	Please don't wait for us to come after you; it would
not be pleasant for either of us.  If we do have to come after you,
we're going to expect you to pay us for our troubles, including the
cost of our lawyers.

10. Government End Users.   If you are acquiring the Software on behalf
of any unit or agency of the United States Government, the following
provisions apply.  The Government agrees the Software and documentation
are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure
by the Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in
subparagraph (c)(1) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer
Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, subparagraphs (c)(1) and (2) of
the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause at 48 CFR
52.227-19, subparagraphs (a) through (d) of the Commercial
Computer-Restricted Rights clause at FAR 52.277-19, or in Clause
18-52.227-896(d) of the NASA Supplement to the FAR, as applicable. 
Manufacturer is Midway Home Entertainment Inc., 10636 Scripps Summit
Court, Suite 100, San Diego, California.

11. Disclaimer of Warranty on Software.	You expressly acknowledge and
agree that use of the Software and the media on which it is recorded,
if any, is at your sole risk.  For ninety (90) days from the date of
your purchase of the Software, the media containing the Software, if
any, shall be free from defects in material and workmanship.  Epic and
Midway's sole liability, and your sole remedy, with respect to any such
media that proves to be defective during such time period shall be to
replace the defective media.  This Limited Warranty is void if failure
of the Software has resulted from accident, abuse, misapplication,
abnormal use or a virus.  Except explicitly as set forth herein, the
Software, related documentation and the media, if any, are provided
"AS IS" without any warranty of any kind.  Certain features of the
Software are not supported; for more information, see the manual. 
EPIC, MIDWAY and their LICENSORS (for the purposes of Section 8 and
Section 9, Epic, Midway and their licensors, including GameSpy
Industries Inc., shall be referred to as Epic and Midway) EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, TERMS AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
WHETHER IMPLIED BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM OR OTHERWISE) TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BY NOT LIMITED TO THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  EPIC AND MIDWAY DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED
IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE
SOFTWARE OR THE MEDIA WILL BE CORRECTED.  FURTHERMORE, EPIC AND MIDWAY
DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE
RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION OR IN TERMS
OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.  NO ORAL OR
WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY EPIC OR MIDWAY OR ANY OF EPIC OR
MIDWAY'S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY
WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE
EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

12. Limitation of Liability.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) SHALL EPIC OR MIDWAY OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, LICENSEES, SUBLICENSEE OR
ASSIGNS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, PROFITS (EVEN IF ARISING IN THE
NORMAL CAUSE OF EVENTS) AND/OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING LOST DATA, EVEN IF EPIC OR
MIDWAY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES.  THIS
LIMITATION APPLIES TO ANYTHING RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE, SERVICES,
CONTENT (INCLUDING CODE) ON THIRD PARTY INTERNET SITES, OR THIRD PARTY
PROGRAMS.  THIS LIMITATION ALSO APPLIES TO CLAIMS FOR BREACH OF
CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, GUARANTEE OR CONDITION, STRICT LIABILITY,
NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHER TORT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF
LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  In no event shall the
total liability of Epic and/or Midway to you for all damages, losses,
and causes of action (in each case whether in contract, tort or
otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you for the Software.  Nothing in
this License shall be deemed or construed as excluding or limiting
Midway's and/or Epic's liability for personal injury or death arising
from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation or any other
liability which cannot be excluded or limited by law.

13. Controlling Law and Severability.  If you purchased the Software in
North America: This License shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of
Illinois, as applied to agreements entered into and to be performed
entirely within Illinois between Illinois residents.  If for any reason
a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this License,
or a portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the
License shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to
affect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this License
shall continue in full force and effect.  You hereby agree to personal
jurisdiction and exclusive venue in the state and federal courts
located in Cook County, Illinois.  If you purchased the Software
outside of North America:  This License shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with English Law.  If for any reason a court of
competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this License, or a
portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision of the License
shall be deemed replaced by such valid and enforceable provision whose
contents are as close as permissible to those of the unenforceable
provision so as to affect the intent of the parties, and the remainder
of this License shall continue in full force and effect.  You hereby
agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

14. Complete Agreement.	This License constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the use of the Software and the
related documentation and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject
matter.  However, Epic and Midway reserve the right to modify the terms
of this License from time to time and will post notice of material
changes somewhere within www.midway.com. 

15. The Use of Online Functionality by Children.  Children under the age
of 18 are not permitted to participate in the online features of the
game.

16. Collection of Personal Data.  Personal data in the form of an e-mail
address may be collected from you during the online registration
process if you choose to participate in the online features of the
Software (the "Personal Data").  IGN/GameSpy shall be responsible for
all aspects of the collection and handling of all Personal Data and the
use of such data shall be governed by the IGN/GameSpy privacy policy
printed below.

17. Rules of Online Behavior.
 
(a)By accessing, participating on, or otherwise using the online
features of the Software, you agree to the following:
i.	You will not present any content through chat features or other
features of the Software that:
A.	Contains offensive, profane, harassing, defamatory,
inappropriate, racist, threatening, infringing, obscene, or unlawful
material;

B.	Contains slanderous or libelous comments about other users,
Epic or Midway employees, or other individuals;

C.	Contains personal information about any individual;

D.	Violates the privacy of any other individual or entity;

E.	Contains business solicitation of any type, including
advertising a product or service, offering a product or service for
sale, or directing readers to a location for more information about a
product or service;

F.	Contains viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar
software or programs that may adversely affect the operation of Epic's
or Midway's system or a third party's computer;

G.	Undermines the operation of a forum, chat room, or other
feature; or

H.	Infringes upon the rights of any third party.

ii.	You understand and agree that Epic or Midway will remove
postings that contain objectionable material, spam, or otherwise
violates the foregoing terms.

	  iii.	Use of distribution lists in electronic mail or other
mass electronic mailings is subject to the approval of Epic and Midway.
 Any unauthorized use of distribution lists is strictly prohibited, and
may be discontinued at the sole discretion of Epic or Midway.

	  iv.	By participating in Epic or Midway websites, you agree
not to impersonate any person or entity or falsely represent your
affiliation with any person or entity.

	  v.	Message boards and other features provided by Epic or
Midway may not be used for unauthorized electronic commerce. Use of any
of our websites' features, including but not limited to message boards,
for the sale of products or services (including participation in any
affiliate program other than that operated by Epic or Midway) is
prohibited.  If, in the sole discretion of Epic or Midway respectively,
you are found to be using Epic or Midway websites for any inappropriate
commercial purpose, Epic or Midway (as appropriate) reserves the right
to take action to end such activity.

	  vi.	Unless Epic and Midway let you know otherwise, you may
not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, or otherwise transfer or
commercially exploit any Epic or Midway website, or any part of it.

(b)Your use of all of the online features of the Software is subject to
these Rules of Online Behavior, any other terms applicable to the
various features of our sites, and all applicable laws, rules, and
regulations. Epic or Midway may terminate your account if we believe,
using our sole discretion, that you have violated any of these Rules of
Online Behavior, any other terms of this license, or any law.
(c)Epic and Midway may also, in their sole discretion and at any time,
discontinue the online functionality of the Software or any part
thereof, with or without notice. You agree that you do not have any
rights in any such services and that Epic and Midway will have no
liability to you if any Epic or Midway site is discontinued or your
ability to access it is terminated.
(d)When utilizing any of the online features of the Software, such as
posting on message boards, participating in chat rooms, or creating any
other content, you will be deemed to have granted Epic and Midway a
license for the perpetual, non-exclusive distribution of the
information or materials worldwide in any form or forum without charge
or liability.
(e)You participate in all of the online features of the Software, such
as message boards, chat rooms, and/or other features at your own risk. 
If you are dissatisfied with any feature, operability, content, these
Rules of Online Behavior, other agreements Epic or Midway imposes as a
condition of usage, or any other component of the online content of the
Software, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of the online content.
(f)By participating in the online content of the Software, you
acknowledge that you may come across material that you find offensive.
Epic and Midway disclaim any responsibility for any such offensive
material, and all content presented by third parties. Epic and Midway
have no responsibility for such content and is merely providing access
to such content as a service to you.
(g)You acknowledge that Epic and Midway have the right to delete any
messages, files, or any other content that you may have uploaded to any
feature of the online content at their sole discretion, including
content that is deemed by Midway, in its sole discretion, to violate
the terms of this or any other binding agreement.
(h)You agree to indemnify and hold Epic and Midway, its parents,
subsidiaries, officers, employees, licensors and contractors harmless
from any claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees,
related to your violation of this Agreement, including any abusive or
unlawful behavior on the part of you or your dependents, or the
infringement of any intellectual property or privacy right of any
person. 

18. Editor and End-User Mods.
(a)The Software (but not the Server-Only Software) includes an editor
and associated tools and utilities (the "UnrealEd") which were
developed by Epic and by other licensors of great software tools. 
UnrealEd is a really cool feature which allows you to modify the
Software (but not the Server-Only Software) or to construct new
variations for use with it.  These modifications and variations can be
both playable and non-playable.  UnrealEd is NOT shareware.  You may
not freely distribute it to any BBS, CD, floppy or any other media. 
You may not sell it or repackage it for sale.  When you finish reading
this License, you will see that there are additional licenses for
specific software that is included as part of UnrealEd.  Even though
their tools are included in the Software, you must read and agree to
those license terms before you can use the software that is
specifically referenced.  
(b)Using UnrealEd, you may create modifications or enhancements to the
Software (but not the Server-Only Software), including the construction
of new levels (collectively referred to as "Mods"), subject to the
following restrictions:
i.Your Mods must only work with the full, registered copy of the
Software, not independently or with any other software.
ii.Your Mods must not contain modifications to any executable file(s).
iii.Your Mods must not contain any libelous, defamatory, or other
illegal material, material that is scandalous or invades the rights of
privacy or publicity of any third party, nor may your Mods contain, or
be used in conjunction with, any trademarks, copyright-protected work,
or other recognizable property of third parties, nor may your Mods be
used by you, or anyone else, for any commercial exploitation including,
but not limited to advertising or marketing for a company, product or
service.
iv.Your Mods will not be supported by Epic, MIDWAY, our third party
tool licensors or any of such parties' affiliates and subsidiaries, and
if distributed pursuant to this License, your Mods must include a
statement to such effect.
v.Your Mods must be distributed solely for free, period.  Neither you,
nor any other person or party, may sell them to anyone, commercially
exploit them in any way, or charge anyone for receiving or using them
without prior written consent from Epic and Midway.  You may exchange
them at no charge among other end-users and distribute them to others
over the Internet, on magazine cover disks, or otherwise for free.
vi.The prohibitions and restrictions in this section apply to anyone in
possession of the Software or any of your Mods.
19.Copyright.  The Software and all copyrights, trademarks and all
other conceivable intellectual property rights related to the Software
are owned by Midway, Epic or such parties' licensors and are protected
by United States copyrights laws, international treaty provisions, an
army of clones, and all applicable law, such as the Lanham Act.  You
must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material, as
required by 17 U.S.C. Section 101 et seq. and other applicable law. 
Please do not make unauthorized copies.  The program you've licensed
was produced through the efforts of many people who earn their
livelihood from its lawful use.  These people like to eat, so don't
make copies for others who have not paid for the right to use it.  To
report copyright violations to the Software Publishers Association,
call 1-800-388-PIR8 or write:  Software Publishers Association, 1101
Connecticut Ave., Suite 901, Washington, D.C. 20036.

-=-=-=-

Third Party Software Credits

This product includes code licensed from NVIDIA; Use Bink Video.
Copyright © 1997-2006 by RAD Game Tools, Inc.; Zlib - Copyright ©
1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler; Ogg Vorbis libs - © 2007,
Xiph.Org Foundation; ConvexDecomposition - Copyright © 2004 Open
Dynamics Framework Group, www.physicstools.org, All rights reserved;
Speex Copyright 2002-2003, Jean-Marc Valin/Xiph.Org Foundation;
MojoSetup - Copyright © 2007 Ryan C. Gordon and others; Lua - Copyright
© 1994-2006 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.  This product contains software
technology licensed from GameSpy Industries, Inc. © 1999-2007 GameSpy
Industries, Inc.  GameSpy and the "Powered by GameSpy" design are
trademarks of GameSpy Industries, Inc. All rights reserved.

-=-=-=-

Speedtree

Platforms:  PC, PS3, Mac, Linux, Xbox 360

INTERACTIVE DATA VISUALIZATION, INC. END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE
USING SPEEDTREE RT, FEATURING SPEEDWIND (INCLUDING SOURCE CODE),
SPEEDTREE RT FOR XBOX 360 (INCLUDING UPDATES), SPEEDTREE RT FOR
PLAYSTATION 3 (INCLUDING UPDATES), SPEEDTREE CAD (OBJECT CODE),
EPIC-CAD (OBJECT CODE), SPEEDTREE MODEL LIBRARY, SPEEDTREE MAX (OBJECT
CODE), SPEEDTREE MAYA (OBJECT CODE) OR STF EXPORTER (OBJECT CODE),
TOGETHER WITH ANY RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING DESIGN, SYSTEMS AND
USER) AND OTHER MATERIALS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH SUCH COMPUTER
SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY THE "SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE"). THE USE OF THE
SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED BY INTERACTIVE DATA VISUALIZATION, INC.,
TO ITS CUSTOMERS FOR THEIR USE ONLY AS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT USE THE
SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE. USING ANY PART OF THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE INDICATES
THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

GRANT OF LICENSE: Interactive Data Visualization, Inc. ("IDV") grants
to you this personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-assignable license solely to use in a single copy of the Speedtree
Software on a single computer for use by a single concurrent user only,
and solely provided that you adhere to all of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.  The foregoing is an express limited use license and
not an assignment, sale, or other transfer of the Speedtree Software or
any Intellectual Property Rights of IDV.  You may make Mods, results
and/or proceeds available, at no charge or fee (i.e., You may not
charge a license or other fee for your Mods, results and/or proceeds),
to other properly licensed end users of the Epic Software including the
Speedtree Software as part of a "map editor."
ASSENT: By opening the Speedtree Software in the UnrealEd, you agree
that this Agreement is a legally binding and valid contract, agree to
abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, and further agree to take all necessary
steps to ensure that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are not
violated by any person or entity under your control or in your service.

 You also acknowledge and agree that IDV is and shall be a third party
beneficiary of the Epic Games End-User License Agreement. 
OWNERSHIP OF SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE: IDV and/or its affiliates or
subsidiaries retain any and all right, title, interest that may exist
from time to time in this or any other jurisdiction, whether foreign or
domestic, under patent law, copyright law, publicity rights law, moral
rights law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair competition law or
other similar protections, regardless of whether or not such rights or
protections are registered or perfected (the "Intellectual Property
Rights"), in the Speedtree Software.  IDV also retains any and all
Intellectual Property Rights in and to any results and/or proceeds
created by You using the Speedtree Software that may be embedded in the
Software, and no title to such, including any results and/or proceeds,
is transferred to the You or any third party through this License or
otherwise.  

NO COMMERCIAL USE: This License Agreement grants you the right to use
the Software for personal use only. Commercial use of the Speedtree
Software or of the work products resulting from its use is not
permitted under this License Agreement. 

RESTRICTIONS:
(a)  You are expressly prohibited from copying, modifying, merging,
altering, selling, leasing, redistributing, assigning, or transferring
in any matter, Speedtree Software or any portion thereof.
(b)  You may take a single copy of the Speedtree Software and only as
required for backup purposes.
(c)  You are also expressly prohibited from reverse engineering,
decompiling, translating, disassembling, deciphering, decrypting, or
otherwise attempting to discover the source code of the Speedtree
Software as the Speedtree Software contain proprietary material of IDV.
 
(d)  You may not remove, alter, deface, overprint or otherwise obscure
IDV patent, trademark, service mark or copyright notices.
(e)  You agree that the Speedtree Software, or the direct product of
the Speedtree Software will not be shipped, transferred or exported
into any other country, or used in any manner prohibited by any
government agency or any export laws, restrictions or regulations.
(f)  You may not publish or distribute in any form of electronic or
printed communication the materials within or otherwise related to
Speedtree Software, including but not limited to the object code,
documentation, help files, examples, and benchmarks.

TERM: This Agreement is effective until terminated.  You may terminate
this Agreement at any time by uninstalling the Speedtree Software and
destroying all copies of the Speedtree Software.  Upon any termination,
you agree to uninstall the Speedtree Software and return or destroy all
copies of the Speedtree Software, any accompanying documentation, and
all other associated materials.

WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER:
UNLESS IT IS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN A WRITTEN AGREEMENT
BETWEEN IDV AND YOU, THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THE WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT. IDV
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY DUTY OR OBLIGATION TO HONOR ANY WARRANTIES
THAT EPIC MAY PROVIDE TO YOU IN ITS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT OR
OTHERWISE.   WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IDV MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT
(i) THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE USE OF
THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR
ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE
SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF
THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, (v) ANY ERRORS IN
THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED, AND/OR (vi) YOU MAY USE,
PRACTICE, EXECUTE, OR ACCESS THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE WITHOUT VIOLATING
THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS.  SOME STATES OR
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  IF YOU LIVE IN A JURISDICTION WHERE
WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND/OR CONDITIONS OF ANY TYPE
MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED, THEN SUCH WARRANTY, GUARANTEE, REPRESENATION
AND/OR WARRANTY IS: (1) HEREBY LIMITED TO THE PERIOD OF EITHER (A)
THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF OPENING THE PACKAGE CONTAINING THE
SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE OR (B) THE SHORTEST PERIOD ALLOWED BY LAW IN THE
APPLICABLE JURISDICTION IF A THIRTY (30) DAY LIMITATION WOULD BE
UNENFORCEABLE; AND (2) IDV'S SOLE LIABILITY FOR ANY BREACH OF ANY SUCH
WARRANTY, GUARANTEE, REPRESENTATION, AND/OR CONDITION SHALL BE TO
PROVIDE YOU WITH A NEW COPY OF THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NO CLAIM, ACTION, OR DEMAND SHALL LIE
AGAINST IDV WITH RESPECT TO ANY LOSS, COST, LIABILITY, DAMAGES, OR
EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LICENSE OR THE SPEEDTREE
SOFTWARE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL IDV OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR
ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER
OR NOT IDV HAD BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE
OF THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE.  FOR PURPOSES OF CLARITY, YOU SHALL NOT FILE
ANY SUIT OR BRING ANY CAUSE OF ACTION AGAINST IDV WITH RESPECT TO THIS
LICENSE OR THE SPEEDTREE SOFTWARE.SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  THESE
LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

SEVERABILITY: In the event any provision of this License Agreement is
found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions shall not in any
way be affected or impaired and a valid, legal and enforceable
provision of similar intent and economic impact shall be substituted
therefore.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This License Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding and agreement between you and IDV, supersedes all prior
agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Speedtree
Software, and may be amended only in a writing signed by both parties.
Interactive Data Visualization, Inc., a South Carolina corporation at
5446 Sunset Blvd., Suite 201, Lexington, SC 29072; 27 February 2007 

-=-=-=-

Fonix VoiceIn and DecTalk

Platforms:  PC, PS3, Mac, Linux, Xbox 360

The Software contains third party programs, including software programs
licensed by Fonix Speech, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its
principal place of business at 9350 South 150 East, Suite 700, Sandy,
Utah 84070 ("Fonix"), and Fonix grants you a nonexclusive,
nontransferable, worldwide license to use the Fonix software in object
code form but only as incorporated into the Software and with the
Software.  

The Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other
proprietary material which belongs to Fonix.  You agree that you are
not a third party beneficiary of any agreements between Epic and our
licensors, including, without limitation Fonix.  Your right to use the
Fonix software is restricted to the functionality, number of concurrent
users, and specific primary and secondary languages authorized in
connection with the Software.  You may not decompile, modify, reverse
engineer, publicly display, disassemble or otherwise reproduce the
Fonix software.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE FONIX SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
"AS IS" AND FONIX AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
NONINFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
FONIX OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF FONIX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL FONIX'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY (IF
ANY) EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE.  

-=-=-=-

Libxml2 (used by Collada)

Platforms:  PC, Mac, Linux

Copyright © 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard.	All Rights Reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-=-=-=-

ConvexDecomposition

Platforms:  PC, Mac, Linux

Copyright © 2004 Open Dynamics Framework Group, www.physicstools.org,
All rights reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the Open Dynamics Framework Group nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 'AS IS'
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INTEL OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-=-=-=-

AMD CPU Drivers

Platforms:  PC

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
End User License Agreement

PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE.  BY USING
THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS
LICENSE. 

1. License. The software accompanying this License (hereinafter
"Software"), regardless of the media on which it is distributed, are
licensed to you by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. ("AMD") for use solely
in conjunction with AMD hardware products purchased with the Software
("AMD Hardware").  You own the medium on which the Software is
recorded, but AMD and AMD's Licensors (referred to collectively as
"AMD") retain title to the Software and related documentation.	You
may:
a)  use the Software solely in conjunction with the AMD Hardware on a
single computer;
b) make one copy of the Software in machine-readable form for backup
purposes only.	You must reproduce on such copy AMD's copyright notice
and any other proprietary legends that were on the original copy of the
Software;
c) transfer all your license rights in the Software provided you must
also transfer a copy of this License, the backup copy of the Software,
the AMD Hardware and the related documentation and provided the other
party reads and agrees to accept the terms and conditions of this
License.  Upon such transfer your license is then terminated.

2.  Restrictions. The Software contains copyrighted and patented
material, trade secrets and other proprietary material.  In order to
protect them, and except as permitted by applicable legislation, you
may not:
a) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the
Software to a human-perceivable form;
b) modify, network, rent, lend, loan, distribute or create derivative
works based upon the Software in whole or in part; or
c)  electronically transmit the Software from one computer to another
or over a network or otherwise transfer the Software except as
permitted by this License.

3.  Termination. This License is effective until terminated.  You may
terminate this License at any time by destroying the Software, related
documentation and all copies thereof.  This License will terminate
immediately without notice from AMD if you fail to comply with any
provision of this License.  Upon termination you must destroy the
Software, related documentation and all copies thereof.

4.  Government End Users. If you are acquiring the Software on behalf
of any unit or agency of the United States Government, the following
provisions apply.  The Government agrees the Software and documentation
were developed at private expense and are provided with "RESTRICTED
RIGHTS".  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject
to restrictions as set forth in DFARS 227.7202-1(a) and 227.7202-3(a)
(1995), DFARS 252.227-7013(c)(1)(ii) (Oct 1988), FAR 12.212(a)(1995),
FAR 52.227-19, (June 1987) or FAR 52.227-14(ALT III) (June 1987), as
amended from time to time.  In the event that this License, or any part
thereof, is deemed inconsistent with the minimum rights identified in
the Restricted Rights provisions, the minimum rights shall prevail.

5.  No Other License.  No rights or licenses are granted by AMD under
this License, expressly or by implication, with respect to any
proprietary information or patent, copyright, trade secret or other
intellectual property right owned or controlled by AMD, except as
expressly provided in this License.

6.  Additional Licenses. DISTRIBUTION OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE WITH AN
OPERATING SYSTEM MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL LICENSES FROM THE OPERATING
SYSTEM VENDOR.	

7.  Disclaimer of Warranty on Software. You expressly acknowledge and
agree that use of the Software is at your sole risk.  The Software and
related documentation are provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any
kind and AMD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  AMD DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SOFTWARE WILL BE
CORRECTED.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE RESULTS AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE IS ASSUMED BY YOU.  FURTHERMORE, AMD DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE
ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE
SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS, OR OTHERWISE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN
INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY AMD OR AMD'S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS
WARRANTY.  SHOULD THE SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU (AND NOT AMD OR
AMD'S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT
INTENDED FOR USE IN MEDICAL, LIFE SAVING OR LIFE SUSTAINING
APPLICATIONS.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  

8.  Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE, SHALL AMD, OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS,
BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT
OF THE USE, MISUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR RELATED
DOCUMENTATION, BREACH OR DEFAULT, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM
INFRINGEMENT OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK,
COPYRIGHT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT, BY AMD, EVEN IF AMD OR
AMD'S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE
ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  AMD will not be
liable for 1)loss of, or damage to, your records or data or 2) any
damages claimed by you based on any third party claim.	 In no event
shall AMD's total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes
of action (whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or
otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you for the Software.

9.  Controlling Law and Severability. This Agreement will be governed
by and construed under the laws of the State of California without
reference to its conflicts of law principles. The rights and
obligations under this Agreement shall not be governed by the United
Nations Convention on Contracts or the International Sale of Goods, the
application of which is expressly excluded.  Each party hereto submits
to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Santa Clara
County and the Northern District of California for the purpose of all
legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the
subject matter hereof.	Each party waives any objection which it may
have to contest such forum. 

10.  Complete Agreement.  This License constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the use of the Software and the
related documentation, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject
matter.  No amendment to or modification of this License will be
binding unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized
representative of AMD.

-=-=-=-

DirectX

Platforms:  PC

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
MICROSOFT DIRECTX END USER RUNTIME
These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or
based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read
them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media
on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any
Microsoft
* updates,
* supplements,
* Internet-based services, and 
* support services
for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so,
those terms apply.
BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.	IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT
THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.
1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.  You may install and use any number of
copies of the software on your devices.
2. SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This
agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft
reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights
despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly
permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any
technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in
certain ways.	 You may not
* work around any technical limitations in the software;
* reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and
only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this
limitation;
* make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or
allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;
* publish the software for others to copy;
* rent, lease or lend the software;
* transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or
* use the software for commercial software hosting services.
3. BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software.	You may
use it only to reinstall the software.
4. DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer or
internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal,
reference purposes.
5. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States
export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and
international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. 
These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.
 For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.
6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is "as is," we may not
provide support services for it.
7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement, and the terms for supplements,
updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are
the entire agreement for the software and support services.
8. APPLICABLE LAW.
a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States,
Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and
applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws
principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other
claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair
competition laws, and in tort.
b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any
other country, the laws of that country apply.
9. LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You
may have other rights under the laws of your country.  You may also
have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the
software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of
your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.   THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS-IS."  YOU
BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES,
GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS
UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.  TO THE
EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.
11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.  YOU CAN
RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S.
$5.00.	YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL,
LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
This limitation applies to
* anything related to the software, services, content (including code)
on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and
* claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent
permitted by applicable law.
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the
possibility of the damages.  The above limitation or exclusion may not
apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or
limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.

MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C
ERGÄNZENDER ENDBENUTZER-LIZENZVERTRAG FÜR MICROSOFT-SOFTWARE
("Ergänzendes EULA") 
WICHTIG: BITTE SORGFÄLTIG LESEN - Diese Microsoft Corporation
("Microsoft")-Betriebssystemkomponenten unterliegen einschließlich
Dokumentation im "Online"- oder elektronischen Format
("BS-Komponenten") den Bestimmungen des Vertrags, unter dem Sie das
unten beschriebene anwendbare Microsoft-Betriebssystemprodukt
lizenziert haben (jeder ein "Endbenutzer-Lizenzvertrag" oder "EULA")
und den Bestimmungen dieses Ergänzenden EULAs. INDEM SIE DIE
BS-KOMPONENTEN INSTALLIEREN, KOPIEREN ODER ANDERWEITIG VERWENDEN,
ERKLÄREN SIE SICH EINVERSTANDEN, DURCH DIE BESTIMMUNGEN DES EULAS DES
ANWENDBAREN BETRIEBSSYSTEMPRODUKTS UND DIESES ERGÄNZENDEN EULAS
GEBUNDEN ZU SEIN. FALLS SIE DIESEN BESTIMMUNGEN NICHT ZUSTIMMEN, SIND
SIE NICHT BERECHTIGT, DIE BS-KOMPONENTEN ZU INSTALLIEREN, ZU KOPIEREN
ODER ZU VERWENDEN. 
ANMERKUNG: WENN SIE KEINE ORDNUNGSGEMÄSS LIZENZIERTE KOPIE EINER
VERSION ODER AUSGABE EINES DER BETRIEBSSYSTEME MICROSOFT WINDOWS 95,
WINDOWS 98, WINDOWS NT 4.0, WINDOWS 2000 ODER EINES
MICROSOFT-BETRIEBSSYSTEMS BESITZEN, DAS EIN FOLGEPRODUKT EINES DIESER
BETRIEBSSYSTEME IST, SIND SIE NICHT BERECHTIGT, DIE BS-KOMPONENTEN ZU
INSTALLIEREN, ZU KOPIEREN ODER ANDERWEITIG ZU VERWENDEN. SIE HABEN
AUSSERDEM KEINERLEI RECHTE UNTER DIESEM ERGÄNZENDEN EULA. 
In diesem Ergänzenden EULA verwendete Begriffe, die hierin nicht
definiert sind, haben die Bedeutung, die im EULA des anwendbaren
BS-Produkts dafür festgelegt wurde. 
Allgemeines. Jede der in dieser Site erhältlichen BS-Komponenten ist
als auf eines oder mehrere der BS-Produkte anwendbar gekennzeichnet.
Die anwendbaren BS-Komponenten werden Ihnen von Microsoft zur Verfügung
gestellt, um vorhandene Funktionen des anwendbaren BS-Produkts zu
aktualisieren, zu ergänzen oder zu ersetzen. Microsoft gewährt Ihnen
eine Lizenz, die anwendbaren BS-Komponenten unter den Bestimmungen des
EULAs für das anwendbare BS-Produkt (die hiermit durch Bezugnahme
eingeschlossen sind, außer wie weiter unten bestimmt), den in diesem
Ergänzenden EULA genannten Bestimmungen sowie den Bestimmungen jedes
zusätzlichen Endbenutzer-Lizenzvertrags, der den einzelnen
BS-Komponenten möglicherweise beiliegt (jeder ein "Einzelnes EULA"), zu
verwenden, unter der Voraussetzung, dass Sie alle diese Bestimmungen
einhalten. Insoweit es einen Widerspruch zwischen diesen auf die
BS-Komponenten anwendbaren Bestimmungen gibt, gilt die folgende
Rangfolge: 1) die Bestimmungen des Einzelnen EULAs, 2) die Bestimmungen
in diesem Ergänzenden EULA, und 3) die Bestimmungen des EULAs des
anwendbaren BS-Produkts. 
Zusätzliche Rechte und Einschränkungen. 
* Wenn Sie mehrere ordnungsgemäß lizenzierte Kopien eines BS-Produkts
haben, dürfen Sie eine Kopie der anwendbaren BS-Komponenten als Teil
des anwendbaren BS-Produkts auf allen Ihren Computern anfertigen,
installieren und verwenden, die ordnungsgemäß lizenzierte Kopien des
anwendbaren BS-Produkts ausführen, vorausgesetzt, Sie verwenden solche
zusätzlichen Kopien dieser BS-Komponenten unter Einhaltung der oben
genannten Bestimmungen. Für jede ordnungsgemäß lizenzierte Kopie des
anwendbaren BS-Produkts dürfen Sie auch eine zusätzliche Kopie der
anwendbaren BS-Komponenten nur für Archivierungszwecke oder zur
Reinstallation der BS-Komponenten auf demselben Computer, auf dem die
BS-Komponenten zuvor installiert waren, anfertigen. Microsoft behält
das Eigentum und alle Rechte an den BS-Komponenten. Alle nicht
ausdrücklich gewährten Rechte bleiben Microsoft vorbehalten. 
* Wenn Sie die BS-Komponenten im Auftrag einer anderen Organisation als
Ihrer eigenen installieren, müssen Sie vor der Installation der
BS-Komponenten sicherstellen, dass der Endbenutzer (gleich, ob eine
natürliche oder eine juristische Person) diese Bestimmungen erhalten,
gelesen und akzeptiert hat. 
* Die BS-Komponenten können Technologie enthalten, die die gemeinsame
Nutzung von Anwendungen auf zwei oder mehr Computern ermöglicht, auch
wenn eine Anwendung nur auf einem der Computer installiert ist. Sie
sind berechtigt, diese Technologie mit allen
Microsoft-Anwendungsprodukten für Konferenzen mit mehreren Parteien zu
nutzen. Für nicht von Microsoft stammende Anwendungen sollten Sie den
Lizenzvertrag der Anwendung einsehen oder sich an den Lizenzgeber
wenden, um zu ermitteln, ob er die gemeinsame Nutzung von Anwendungen
erlaubt. 
* Sie dürfen die Ergebnisse, die mit Benchmark-Tests der .NET
Framework-Komponente von BS-Komponenten erstellt wurden, nicht ohne
vorherige schriftliche Genehmigung von Microsoft an Dritte weitergeben.

AUSSCHLIESSLICH BEI MICROSOFT VIRTUAL MACHINE FOR JAVA WIRD DIE LIZENZ
ZUM INSTALLIEREN DIESER BETRIEBSSYSTEMKOMPONENTE NUR AUF COMPUTERN
GEWÄHRT, AUF DENEN BEREITS EINE VERSION VON MICROSOFT VIRTUAL MACHINE
FOR JAVA VORHANDEN IST. 
WENN DAS ANWENDBARE BS-PRODUKT AN SIE VON MICROSOFT ODER EINER IHRER
100 %-IGEN TOCHTERFIRMEN LIZENZIERT WURDE, GILT DIE GEGEBENENFALLS IM
EULA DES ANWENDBAREN BS-PRODUKTS ENTHALTENE BESCHRÄNKTE GARANTIE FÜR
DIE ANWENDBAREN BS-KOMPONENTEN, WENN DIE ANWENDBAREN BS-KOMPONENTEN VON
IHNEN INNERHALB DER LAUFZEIT DER BESCHRÄNKTEN GARANTIE IM EULA DES
ANWENDBAREN BS-PRODUKTS LIZENZIERT WURDEN. DIESES ERGÄNZENDE EULA
VERLÄNGERT JEDOCH NICHT DEN ZEITRAUM, ÜBER DEN DIE BESCHRÄNKTE GARANTIE
GILT. 
WENN DAS ANWENDBARE BS-PRODUKT AN SIE VON EINER ANDEREN JURISTISCHEN
PERSON ALS MICROSOFT ODER EINER IHRER 100 %-IGEN TOCHTERFIRMEN
LIZENZIERT WURDE, SCHLIESST MICROSOFT ALLE GARANTIEN IN BEZUG AUF DIE
ANWENDBAREN BS-KOMPONENTEN WIE FOLGT AUS: 
GARANTIEAUSSCHLUSS. IM GRÖSSTMÖGLICHEN DURCH DAS ANWENDBARE RECHT
GESTATTETEN UMFANG STELLEN IHNEN MICROSOFT UND DEREN LIEFERANTEN DIE
BS-KOMPONENTEN UND GEGEBENENFALLS SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN IN VERBINDUNG MIT
DEN BS-KOMPONENTEN ("SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN") WIE BESEHEN UND OHNE GARANTIE
AUF FEHLERFREIHEIT ZUR VERFÜGUNG. SIE SCHLIESSEN HIERMIT ALLE GARANTIEN
UND BEDINGUNGEN IN BEZUG AUF DIE BS-KOMPONENTEN UND SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN,
GLEICH OB AUSDRÜCKLICH, KONKLUDENT ODER GESETZLICH, AUS,
EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF (FALLS ZUTREFFEND)
GARANTIEN, PFLICHTEN UND BEDINGUNGEN VON ODER IN BEZUG AUF:
HANDELSÜBLICHKEIT, EIGNUNG FÜR EINEN BESTIMMTEN ZWECK, VIRENFREIHEIT,
GENAUIGKEIT ODER VOLLSTÄNDIGKEIT VON ANTWORTEN, ERGEBNISSE, MANGELNDE
FACHMÄNNISCHE BEMÜHUNGEN UND FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT. ES WIRD AUCH JEDE
GARANTIE, PFLICHT ODER BEDINGUNG FÜR EIGENTUM, UNGESTÖRTE NUTZUNG,
UNGESTÖRTEN BESITZ, ÜBEREINSTIMMUNG MIT DER BESCHREIBUNG ODER
NICHTVERLETZUNG VON RECHTEN DRITTER AUSGESCHLOSSEN. DAS GESAMTE RISIKO,
DAS SICH AUS DER VERWENDUNG ODER DER LEISTUNG DER BS-KOMPONENTEN UND
DER SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN ERGIBT, VERBLEIBT BEI IHNEN. 
AUSSCHLUSS VON FOLGE-, ZUFÄLLIGEN UND BESTIMMTEN ANDEREN SCHÄDEN. IM
GRÖSSTMÖGLICHEN DURCH DAS ANWENDBARE RECHT GESTATTETEN UMFANG SIND
MICROSOFT ODER DEREN LIEFERANTEN IN KEINEM FALL HAFTBAR FÜR
IRGENDWELCHE SPEZIELLEN, ZUFÄLLIGEN, INDIREKTEN, STRAFRECHTLICHEN ODER
FOLGESCHÄDEN WELCHER ART AUCH IMMER (EINSCHLIESSLICH, ABER NICHT
BESCHRÄNKT AUF SCHÄDEN AUS: ENTGANGENEM GEWINN, VERLUST VON
VERTRAULICHEN ODER ANDEREN INFORMATIONEN, GESCHÄFTSUNTERBRECHUNG,
PERSONENSCHÄDEN, VERLUST VON PRIVATSPHÄRE, VERLETZUNG VON
VERTRAGSPFLICHTEN (EINSCHLIESSLICH PFLICHTEN NACH TREU UND GLAUBEN ODER
SORGFALTSPFLICHTEN), FAHRLÄSSIGKEIT SOWIE VERMÖGENS- ODER SONSTIGE
SCHÄDEN), DIE AUS DER VERWENDUNG DER BS-KOMPONENTEN ODER DER TATSACHE,
DASS SIE NICHT VERWENDET WERDEN KÖNNEN, ODER AUS DER BEREITSTELLUNG VON
SUPPORTLEISTUNGEN ODER DER TATSACHE, DASS SIE NICHT ERBRACHT WORDEN
SIND, ODER ANDERWEITIG AUS EINER BESTIMMUNG DIESES ERGÄNZENDEN EULAS
RESULTIEREN ODER IN IRGENDEINEM ZUSAMMENHANG DAMIT STEHEN, SELBST WENN
MICROSOFT ODER DER LIEFERANT AUF DIE MÖGLICHKEIT SOLCHER SCHÄDEN
HINGEWIESEN WURDE. 
BESCHRÄNKUNG DER HAFTUNG UND VON ANSPRÜCHEN. UNGEACHTET ALLER SCHÄDEN,
DIE SIE AUS WELCHEN GRÜNDEN AUCH IMMER ERLEIDEN MÖGEN (EINSCHLIESSLICH,
JEDOCH NICHT BESCHRÄNKT AUF ALLE OBEN ANGESPROCHENEN SCHÄDEN SOWIE ALLE
DIREKTEN ODER ALLGEMEINEN SCHÄDEN), IST DIE GESAMTE HAFTUNG VON
MICROSOFT UND DEREN LIEFERANTEN UNTER ALLEN BESTIMMUNGEN DIESES
ERGÄNZENDEN EULAS UND IHR AUSSCHLIESSLICHER ANSPRUCH FÜR ALLES OBEN
GENANNTE AUF TATSÄCHLICH VON IHNEN ERLITTENE SCHÄDEN AUF DER BASIS
VERNÜNFTIGEN VERTRAUENS AUF DEN HÖHEREN DIESER BEIDEN BETRÄGE
BESCHRÄNKT: DEN TATSÄCHLICH FÜR DIE BS-KOMPONENTEN GEZAHLTEN BETRAG
ODER US-$ 5,00. DIE VORSTEHENDEN BESCHRÄNKUNGEN UND AUSSCHLÜSSE GELTEN
IM GRÖSSTMÖGLICHEN DURCH DAS ANWENDBARE RECHT GESTATTETEN UMFANG, AUCH
WENN EIN ANSPRUCH DADURCH SEINEN WESENTLICHEN ZWECK VERFEHLT.

MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C
CONTRATO COMPLEMENTARIO DE LICENCIA PARA EL USUARIO FINAL DE SOFTWARE
DE MICROSOFT ("CLUF complementario") 
IMPORTANTE: LEA ATENTAMENTE: estos componentes de sistema operativo de
Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") incluida cualquier documentación
"en pantalla" o electrónica ("Componentes de SO") están sujetos a los
términos y condiciones del contrato bajo el cual obtuvo la licencia
para el producto de sistema operativo de Microsoft aplicable descrito a
continuación (cada uno de ellos un "Contrato de licencia para el
usuario final" o "CLUF") y a los términos y condiciones de este CLUF
complementario. AL INSTALAR, COPIAR O DE OTRA MANERA UTILIZAR LOS
COMPONENTES DE SO, USTED ACEPTA QUEDAR OBLIGADO POR LOS TÉRMINOS Y
CONDICIONES DEL CLUF DEL PRODUCTO DE SISTEMA OPERATIVO APLICABLE Y DE
ESTE CLUF COMPLEMENTARIO. SI NO ACEPTA ESTOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES, NO
INSTALE, COPIE NI USE LOS COMPONENTES DE SO. 
NOTA: SI NO TIENE UNA COPIA CON LICENCIA VÁLIDA DE CUALQUIER VERSIÓN O
EDICIÓN DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO MICROSOFT WINDOWS 95, WINDOWS 98, WINDOWS
NT 4.0 Ó WINDOWS 2000, Ó DE CUALQUIER SISTEMA OPERATIVO DE MICROSOFT
QUE SEA UN SUCESOR DE CUALQUIERA DE ESOS SISTEMAS OPERATIVOS(cada uno
de ellos un "Producto de SO"), NO ESTÁ AUTORIZADO A INSTALAR, COPIAR NI
DE OTRA FORMA UTILIZAR LOS COMPONENTES DE SO Y NO TIENE DERECHOS BAJO
ESTE CLUF COMPLEMENTARIO. 
Los términos en mayúsculas que se usan en este CLUF complementario y no
se definen de otra forma en la presente tendrán los significados que se
les asignan en el CLUF del Producto de SO aplicable. 
General. Cada uno de los Componentes de SO disponibles en este sitio se
identifica como aplicable a uno o varios de los Productos de SO.
Microsoft le proporciona los Componentes de SO aplicables para que
actualice, complemente o reemplace la funcionalidad existente del
Producto de SO aplicable. Microsoft le concede una licencia para usar
los Componentes de SO aplicables bajo los términos y condiciones del
CLUF para el Producto de SO aplicable (que se incorporan a la presente
por referencia excepto en lo que se dispone a continuación), los
términos y condiciones establecidos en este CLUF complementario y los
términos y condiciones de cualquier contrato de licencia para el
usuario final adicional que pueda acompañar a los Componentes de SO
individuales (cada uno de ellos un "CLUF individual"), siempre que
cumpla con todos los dichos términos y condiciones. En la medida en la
que haya un conflicto entre cualquiera de dichos términos y condiciones
aplicables a los Componentes de SO, se aplicará la siguiente jerarquía:
1) los términos y condiciones del CLUF Individual; 2) los términos y
condiciones de este CLUF complementario; y 3) los términos y
condiciones del CLUF del Producto de SO aplicable. 
Derechos y limitaciones adicionales. 
* Si tiene múltiples copias con licencia válida de cualquier Producto
de SO, puede reproducir, instalar y utilizar una copia de los
Componentes de SO aplicables como parte del Producto de SO aplicable en
todos los equipos que ejecuten copias con licencia válida del Producto
de SO aplicable, siempre que utilice dichas copias adicionales de tales
Componentes de SO de acuerdo con los términos y condiciones anteriores.
Por cada copia con licencia válida del Producto de SO aplicable, puede
reproducir también una copia adicional de los Componentes de SO
aplicables únicamente con fines de archivo o para la reinstalación de
los Componentes de SO en el mismo equipo en el que se instalaron
anteriormente los Componentes de SO. Microsoft retiene todos los
derechos, titularidad e intereses de y sobre los Componentes de SO.
Microsoft se reserva todos los derechos que no se conceden
expresamente. 
* Si está instalando los Componentes de SO en nombre de una
organización que no sea la suya propia, antes de instalar ninguno de
los Componentes de SO, debe confirmar que el usuario final (ya sea una
persona física o jurídica) ha recibido, leído y aceptado estos términos
y condiciones. 
* Los Componentes de SO pueden contener tecnología que permite que las
aplicaciones se compartan entre dos o más equipos o PCs, aun si la
aplicación se ha instalado en sólo uno de los equipos. Usted podrá
utilizar esta tecnología con todos los productos de aplicación
Microsoft para conferencias entre varias partes. Con respecto a las
aplicaciones que no son Microsoft, deberá consultar el contrato de
licencia que se acompaña o ponerse en contacto con quien ha otorgado la
licencia para determinar si éste permite compartir la aplicación. 
* No podrá revelar a terceros los resultados de ninguna prueba
comparativa del componente .NET Framework de los componented de SO sin
la autorización previa por escrito de Microsoft. 
ÚNICAMENTE EN LO QUE SE REFIERE A MICROSOFT VIRTUAL MACHINE PARA JAVA,
LA INSTALACIÓN DE ESTE COMPONENTE DE SO SÓLO SE AUTORIZA EN UN EQUIPO
QUE YA CONTENGA UNA VERSIÓN DE MICROSOFT VIRTUAL MACHINE PARA JAVA. 
SI EL PRODUCTO DE SO APLICABLE LE FUE CONCEDIDO BAJO LICENCIA POR
MICROSOFT O ALGUNA DE SUS SUBSIDIARIAS DE PROPIEDAD EXCLUSIVA, LA
GARANTÍA LIMITADA (SI EXISTIERA) INCLUIDA EN EL CLUF DEL PRODUCTO DE SO
APLICABLE, SE APLICA A LOS COMPONENTES DE SO APLICABLES SIEMPRE QUE LOS
COMPONENTES DE SO APLICABLES LE HAYAN SIDO CONCEDIDOS BAJO LICENCIA
DENTRO DEL PERÍODO DE LA GARANTÍA LIMITADA DEL CLUF DEL PRODUCTO DE SO
APLICABLE. SIN EMBARGO, ESTE CLUF COMPLEMENTARIO NO AMPLÍA EL PERÍODO
DE TIEMPO PARA EL QUE SE PROPORCIONA LA GARANTÍA LIMITADA. 
SI EL PRODUCTO DE SO APLICABLE LE FUE CONCEDIDO BAJO LICENCIA POR UNA
PERSONA JURÍDICA DISTINTA DE MICROSOFT O ALGUNA DE SUS SUBSIDIARIAS DE
PROPIEDAD EXCLUSIVA, MICROSOFT RENUNCIA A DAR NINGUNA GARANTÍA CON
RESPECTO A LOS COMPONENTES DE SO APLICABLES DE LA SIGUIENTE FORMA: 
DENEGACIÓN DE GARANTÍAS. EN LA MEDIDA PERMITIDA POR LA LEY APLICABLE,
MICROSOFT Y SUS PROVEEDORES LE PROPORCIONAN LOS COMPONENTES DE SO Y LOS
SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE TÉCNICO (SI EXISTEN) RELACIONADOS CON LOS
COMPONENTES DE SO ("SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE TÉCNICO") TAL CUAL Y CON TODOS
LOS DEFECTOS; Y MICROSOFT Y SUS PROVEEDORES RENUNCIAN POR LA PRESENTE
CON RESPECTO A LOS COMPONENTES DE SO Y LOS SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE TÉCNICO
A TODA GARANTÍA Y CONDICIÓN YA SEA EXPRESA, IMPLÍCITA O PREVISTA POR
LEY, INCLUIDAS PERO SIN LIMITARSE A (EN SU CASO) TODA GARANTÍA, DEBER O
CONDICIÓN DE O RELACIONADA CON: COMERCIABILIDAD, IDONEIDAD PARA UN
DETERMINADO FIN, AUSENCIA DE VIRUS INFORMÁTICOS, EXACTITUD O INTEGRIDAD
DE LAS RESPUESTAS, RESULTADOS, ESFUERZO RAZONABLE Y AUSENCIA DE
NEGLIGENCIA. ASIMISMO NO EXISTE GARANTÍA, DEBER NI CONDICIÓN DE
TITULARIDAD, DE POSESIÓN Y DISFRUTE PLENOS Y DE CORRESPONDENCIA CON LA
DESCRIPCIÓN O AUSENCIA DE INFRACCIÓN. USTED ASUME TODO RIESGO QUE SURJA
DE LA UTILIZACIÓN O DEL RENDIMIENTO DE LOS COMPONENTES DE SO Y, EN SU
CASO, DE LOS SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE TÉCNICO. 
EXCLUSIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD POR DAÑOS INCIDENTALES, INDIRECTOS Y
OTROS. EN LA MEDIDA PERMITIDA POR LA LEY APLICABLE, EN NINGÚN CASO
MICROSOFT O SUS PROVEEDORES SERÁN RESPONSABLES POR NINGÚN DAÑO,
ESPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECTO, SANCIONADOR O CONSECUENCIAL CUALQUIERA
QUE SEA (INCLUIDOS, PERO SIN LIMITARSE A, DAÑOS POR: PÉRDIDA DE
BENEFICIOS, PÉRDIDA DE INFORMACIÓN CONFIDENCIAL O DE OTRO TIPO,
INTERRUPCIÓN DE NEGOCIOS, DAÑOS A LAS PERSONAS, PÉRDIDA DE PRIVACIDAD,
POR INCUMPLIMIENTO DE OBLIGACIONES (YA SEA DE BUENA FE O CON DILIGENCIA
RAZONABLE), POR NEGLIGENCIA O POR CUALQUIER OTRA PÉRDIDA PECUNIARIA O
DE OTRO TIPO) QUE PUDIERE SURGIR DEL USO O IMPOSIBILIDAD DE USO DE LOS
COMPONENTES DE SO, O DE LOS SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE TÉCNICO O DE LA
PROVISIÓN O AUSENCIA EN LA PROVISIÓN DE LOS SERVICIOS DE SOPORTE
TÉCNICO, O DE CUALQUIER OTRA FORMA BAJO O EN CONEXIÓN CON CUALQUIER
DISPOSICIÓN DE ESTE CLUF COMPLEMENTARIO, AUN EN EL CASO DE QUE SE
HUBIERA INFORMADO A MICROSOFT O A CUALQUIER PROVEEDOR DE LA POSIBILIDAD
DE DICHOS DAÑOS. 
LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD Y RECURSOS. NO OBSTANTE LOS DAÑOS EN LOS
QUE PUEDA INCURRIR POR CUALQUIER RAZÓN (INCLUIDOS, PERO SIN LIMITARSE
A, LOS DAÑOS A LOS QUE SE HIZO REFERENCIA ANTERIORMENTE, Y TODOS LOS
DAÑOS DIRECTOS O GENERALES), LA ÚNICA RESPONSABILIDAD DE MICROSOFT Y DE
CUALQUIERA DE SUS PROVEEDORES BAJO CUALQUIER DISPOSICIÓN DE ESTE CLUF
COMPLEMENTARIO Y EL ÚNICO RECURSO QUE LE COMPETERÁ A USTED POR TODO LO
ANTEDICHO SE LIMITARÁ A LOS DAÑOS REALES SUFRIDOS POR USTED, BASADOS EN
UNA CREENCIA DE BUENA FE, HASTA LA CANTIDAD QUE USTED PAGÓ POR LOS
COMPONENTES DE SO O CINCO DÓLARES ESTADOUNIDENSES, LO QUE RESULTE
MAYOR. LAS ANTEDICHAS LIMITACIONES, EXCLUSIONES Y RENUNCIAS SE
APLICARÁN EN LA MEDIDA PERMITIDA POR LA LEY APLICABLE, INCLUSO AUNQUE
ALGÚN RECURSO TENGA ERRORES EN SU FIN ESENCIAL.

MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C
CONTRAT DE LICENCE UTILISATEUR FINAL SUPPLÉMENTAIRE POUR LOGICIEL
MICROSOFT ("CLUF supplémentaire") 
IMPORTANT : À LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT - Les composants de système
d'exploitation de Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"), y compris toute
documentation "en ligne" ou sous forme électronique (les "Composants
SE"), sont soumis aux termes et conditions du contrat par lequel vous
avez acquis sous licence le système d'exploitation Microsoft applicable
décrit ci-dessous (chacun étant un "Contrat Licence Utilisateur Final"
ou "CLUF") ainsi qu'aux stipulations du présent CLUF supplémentaire. EN
INSTALLANT, EN COPIANT, OU EN UTILISANT DE QUELQUE MANIÈRE QUE CE SOIT
LES COMPOSANTS SE, VOUS RECONNAISSEZ ÊTRE LIÉ PAR LES TERMES DU CLUF
APPLICABLE ET DE CE CLUF SUPPLÉMENTAIRE. SI VOUS ÊTES EN DÉSACCORD AVEC
CES TERMES, VEUILLEZ NE PAS INSTALLER, COPIER, NI UTILISER LES
COMPOSANTS SE. 
REMARQUE : SI VOUS NE DISPOSEZ PAS D'UN EXEMPLAIRE CONCÉDÉ SOUS LICENCE
VALABLE POUR LE SYSTÈME D'EXPLOITATION MICROSOFT WINDOWS 95, MICROSOFT
WINDOWS 98, MICROSOFT WINDOWS NT 4.0, WINDOWS 2000 OU TOUT SYSTÈME
D'EXPLOITATION SUCCÉDANT À L'UN DE CES SYSTÈMES D'EXPLOITATION (chacun
étant un "Produit SE"), VOUS N'ÊTES PAS AUTORISÉ À INSTALLER, À COPIER
OU À UTILISER DE QUELQUE MANIÈRE QUE CE SOIT LES COMPOSANTS SE ET LE
PRÉSENT CLUF SUPPLÉMENTAIRE NE VOUS CONCÈDE AUCUN DROIT. 
Les termes commençant par une majuscule utilisés dans le présent CLUF
Supplémentaire et non définis par les présentes ont le sens qui leur a
été attribué dans le CLUF du produit SE applicable. 
Règle générale. Chaque Composant SE disponible à partir de ce site a
été identifié comme étant applicable à un ou plusieurs produits SE. Les
Composants SE applicables vous sont concédés par Microsoft pour mettre
à jour, apporter un supplément à, ou remplacer la fonctionnalité
existante du Produit SE applicable. Microsoft vous concède une licence
vous permettant d'utiliser les Composants SE applicables conformément
aux termes et conditions du CLUF applicable (incorporé dans les
présentes par référence), à ceux de ce CLUF Supplémentaire, ainsi qu'à
ceux de quelconque contrat de licence utilisateur final supplémentaire
accompagnant un Composant SE particulier (chacun étant un "CLUF
individuel"), à condition que vous en respectiez les termes et
conditions. En cas de désaccord entre les termes du présent CLUF
Supplémentaire et les termes de quelconque CLUF applicable, les termes
qui prévaudront sont : 1) les termes et conditions du CLUF individuel ;
2) les termes et conditions du présent CLUF Supplémentaire ; et les
termes et conditions du CLUF de produit SE applicable. 
Droits et limitations supplémentaires. 

* Si vous possédez de multiples exemplaires concédés sous licence
valable de quelconque Produit SE, vous êtes autorisé à créer, installer
et utiliser un exemplaire des Composants SE applicables en tant que
partie intégrante du produit SE sur tous les ordinateurs sur lesquels
fonctionne un exemplaire concédé sous licence valable du produit SE
applicable, à condition que vous les utilisiez conformément aux termes
et conditions indiqués plus haut. Pour chaque exemplaire concédé sous
licence valable du Produit SE applicable, vous êtes autorisé à créer un
exemplaire supplémentaire des Composants SE uniquement pour des besoins
d'archivage ou de réinstallation des Composants SE sur le(s) même(s)
ordinateur(s) sur le(s)quel(s) les Composants SE étaient installés.
Microsoft conserve tous droits de propriété et de titre sur les
Composants SE. Tous les droits qui ne sont pas expressément concédés
sont réservés par Microsoft. 
* Si vous installez les Composants SE pour une organisation autre que
la vôtre, avant d'installer un Composant SE, vous devez confirmer que
l'utilisateur final (personne physique ou morale) a reçu, lu, et
accepté les présents termes et conditions. 
* Il se peut que les Composants SE contiennent une technologie
permettant le partage d'applications entre deux ou plusieurs
ordinateurs, même si l'application est installée sur un seul
ordinateur. Vous êtes autorisé à utiliser cette technologie avec toute
autre application Microsoft dans le cadre de conférences à plusieurs
personnes. Pour les applications non traitées par Microsoft, veuillez
consulter le contrat de licence accompagnant le produit ou contacter le
concédant de licence pour savoir si le partage d'application est
autorisé. 
* Vous n'êtes pas autorisé à divulguer les résultats des tests
d'évaluation du composant .NET Framework des Composants SE à un tiers,
quel qu'il soit, sans l'accord écrit préalable de Microsoft. 
UNIQUEMENT EN CE QUI CONCERNE LA MACHINE VIRTUELLE JAVA MICROSOFT,
VOTRE LICENCE VOUS AUTORISE SEULEMENT À INSTALLER CE COMPOSANT SE SUR
UN ORDINATEUR CONTENANT DÉJÀ UNE VERSION DE LA MACHINE VIRTUELLE JAVA
MICROSOFT. 
SI LE PRODUIT SE APPLICABLE VOUS A ÉTÉ CONCÉDÉ PAR MICROSOFT OU L'UNE
DE SES FILIALES À 100%, LA GARANTIE LIMITÉE (LE CAS ÉCHÉANT)
ACCOMPAGNANT LE CLUF DU PRODUIT SE APPLICABLE S'APPLIQUE AUX COMPOSANTS
SE, À CONDITION QUE CES DERNIERS VOUS AIENT ÉTÉ CONCÉDÉS SOUS LICENCE
DANS LES DÉLAIS SOULIGNÉS DANS LA GARANTIE LIMITÉE DU CLUF DE PRODUIT
SE APPLICABLE. TOUTEFOIS, LE BUT DE CE CLUF SUPPLÉMENTAIRE N'EST PAS DE
PROROGER LA PÉRIODE DE GARANTIE LIMITÉE. 
SI LE PRODUIT SE APPLICABLE VOUS A ÉTÉ CONCÉDÉ PAR UNE ENTITÉ AUTRE QUE
MICROSOFT OU UNE DE SES FILIALES À 100%, MICROSOFT DÉCLINE PAR LES
PRÉSENTES TOUTE GARANTIE AYANT TRAIT AUX COMPOSANTS SE APPLICABLES : 
EXCLUSION DE GARANTIE. DANS TOUTE LA MESURE PERMISE PAR LA
RÉGLEMENTATION APPLICABLE, MICROSOFT ET SES FOURNISSEURS VOUS
FOURNISSENT LES COMPOSANTS SE ET (LE CAS ÉCHÉANT) LES SERVICES
D'ASSISTANCE LIÉS AUX COMPOSANTS SE ("SERVICES D'ASSISTANCE") EN L'ÉTAT
ET AVEC TOUTES LEURS IMPERFECTIONS ET EXCLUENT PAR LES PRÉSENTES TOUTE
AUTRE GARANTIE LÉGALE, EXPRESSE OU IMPLICITE RELATIVE AUX COMPOSANTS SE
ET AUX SERVICES D'ASSISTANCE, Y COMPRIS, MAIS DE MANIÈRE NON LIMITATIVE
(LE CAS ÉCHÉANT), TOUTE GARANTIE, OBLIGATION OU CONDITION LÉGALE DE
QUALITÉ, D'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER, D'ABSENCE DE VIRUS, DE
PRÉCISION OU D'EXHAUSTIVITÉ DES RÉPONSES, DES RÉSULTATS OBTENUS,
D'EFFORTS PROFESSIONNELS ET D'ABSENCE DE NÉGLIGENCE. EN OUTRE, AUCUNE
GARANTIE DE PROPRIÉTÉ, DE JOUISSANCE PAISIBLE, D'ABSENCE DE TROUBLE DE
POSSESSION, DE CONFORMITÉ À LA DESCRIPTION OU D'ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON
N'EST DONNÉE. VOUS ASSUMEZ L'ENSEMBLE DES RISQUES DÉCOULANT DE
L'UTILISATION OU DU FONCTIONNEMENT DES COMPOSANTS SE ET DES SERVICES
D'ASSISTANCE. 
EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES ACCESSOIRES, INDIRECTS,
ET CERTAINS AUTRES TYPES DE DOMMAGES. DANS TOUTE LA MESURE PERMISE PAR
LA RÉGLEMENTATION APPLICABLE, MICROSOFT OU SES FOURNISSEURS NE POURRONT
EN AUCUN CAS ÊTRE TENUS RESPONSABLES DE TOUT DOMMAGE SPÉCIAL,
ACCESSOIRE, INCIDENT OU INDIRECT DE QUELQUE NATURE QUE CE SOIT, Y
COMPRIS, MAIS DE MANIÈRE NON LIMITATIVE LES PERTES DE BÉNÉFICES, PERTES
D'INFORMATIONS CONFIDENTIELLES OU AUTRES, INTERRUPTIONS D'ACTIVITÉ,
PRÉJUDICES CORPORELS, ATTEINTES À LA VIE PRIVÉE, MANQUEMENT À TOUTE
OBLIGATION (Y COMPRIS L'OBLIGATION DE BONNE FOI OU DE DILIGENCE) POUR
DES ACTES DE NÉGLIGENCE, ET POUR TOUTE PERTE PÉCUNIAIRE OU AUTRE,
RÉSULTANT DE, OU LIÉ À L'UTILISATION OU À L'IMPOSSIBILITÉ D'UTILISER
LES COMPOSANTS SE OU LES SERVICES D'ASSISTANCE, OU À LA FOURNITURE OU
AU DÉFAUT DE FOURNITURE DES SERVICES D'ASSISTANCE, OU BIEN RÉSULTANT DE
OU LIÉ À TOUTE DISPOSITION DE CE CLUF SUPPLÉMENTAIRE, MÊME SI LA
SOCIÉTÉ MICROSOFT OU UN QUELCONQUE FOURNISSEUR A ÉTÉ AVISÉ DE
L'ÉVENTUALITÉ DE TELS DOMMAGES. 
LIMITATION DE RESPONSABILITÉ ET RECOURS. NONOBSTANT TOUT DOMMAGE QUE
VOUS POURRIEZ SUBIR POUR QUELQUE MOTIF QUE CE SOIT (NOTAMMENT TOUS LES
DOMMAGES ENUMÉRÉS CI-DESSUS ET TOUS LES DOMMAGES DIRECTS OU GÉNÉRAUX),
L'ENTIÈRE RESPONSABILITÉ DE MICROSOFT ET DE L'UN QUELCONQUE DE SES
FOURNISSEURS AU TITRE DE TOUTE STIPULATION DE CE CLUF SUPPLÉMENTAIRE ET
VOTRE SEUL RECOURS EN CE QUI CONCERNE TOUS LES DOMMAGES PRÉCITÉS NE
SAURAIENT EXCÉDER LE MONTANT QUE VOUS AVEZ EFFECTIVEMENT PAYÉ POUR LES
COMPOSANTS SE OU 5 DOLLARS US (US$ 5,00) SI CE MONTANT EST PLUS ÉLEVÉ.
LES PRÉSENTES LIMITATIONS ET EXCLUSIONS DEMEURERONT APPLICABLES DANS
TOUTE LA MESURE PERMISE PAR LA RÉGLEMENTATION EN VIGUEUR QUAND BIEN
MÊME UN QUELCONQUE RECOURS EXERCÉ À L'OCCASION DE TOUT MANQUEMENT
QUELCONQUE NE PRODUIRAIT PAS D'EFFET.

MICROSOFT DIRECTX 9.0C
CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE CON L'UTENTE FINALE PER IL PRODOTTO
SOFTWARE MICROSOFT ("Contratto Supplementare") 
IMPORTANTE - LEGGERE CON ATTENZIONE: i componenti software del sistema
operativo di Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") e l'eventuale
documentazione "online" o elettronica ("Componenti del Sistema
Operativo") sono soggetti ai termini e alle condizioni del Contratto di
Licenza con l'utente finale ("Contratto") relativo alla copia del
prodotto software del sistema operativo Microsoft ("Prodotto del
Sistema Operativo") concessa in licenza e ai termini e alle condizioni
del Contratto di Licenza supplementare. INSTALLANDO, COPIANDO O
ALTRIMENTI UTILIZZANDO I COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO, L'UTENTE
ACCETTA DI ESSERE VINCOLATO DAI TERMINI E DALLE CONDIZIONI
DELL'APPLICABILE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA PER IL PRODOTTO DEL SISTEMA
OPERATIVO E DEL PRESENTE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE. QUALORA
L'UTENTE NON ACCETTI TALI TERMINI E CONDIZIONI, NON SARÀ AUTORIZZATO A
INSTALLARE, COPIARE O ALTRIMENTI UTILIZZARE I COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA
OPERATIVO. 
NOTA: QUALORA L'UTENTE NON DISPONGA DI UNA COPIA DI LICENZA VALIDA PER
QUALSIASI VERSIONE O EDIZIONE DI MICROSOFT WINDOWS 95, WINDOWS 98,
WINDOWS NT 4.0, DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO WINDOWS 2000 O DI QUALSIASI
SISTEMA OPERATIVO MICROSOFT CHE SIA UN PRODOTTO SUCCESSORE RISPETTO A
TALI SISTEMI OPERATIVI (ognuno dei quali è denominato "Prodotto del
sistema operativo"), NON SARÀ AUTORIZZATO A INSTALLARE, COPIARE O
ALTRIMENTI UTILIZZARE I COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO E NON DISPORRÀ
DEI DIRITTI CONCESSI DAL PRESENTE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE. 
Tutti i termini in maiuscolo contenuti nel presente Contratto di
Licenza Supplementare e non altrimenti definiti avranno il significato
assegnato loro nell'applicabile Contratto di Licenza per il Prodotto
del Sistema Operativo. 
In generale. Ogni singolo Componente del Sistema Operativo disponibile
in questo sito è identificato come applicabile a uno o più Prodotti del
Sistema Operativo. I Componenti del Sistema Operativo in uso sono
forniti da Microsoft per aggiornare, integrare o sostituire la
esistente funzionalità dell'applicabile Prodotto del Sistema Operativo.
Microsoft concede all'utente una licenza di utilizzo dei Componenti del
Sistema Operativo in base ai termini e alle condizioni del Contratto di
Licenza per il Prodotto del Sistema Operativo applicabile (da
considerarsi parte integrante del presente Contratto di Licenza
Supplementare salvo quanto specificato di seguito), in base ai termini
e alle condizioni del presente Contratto di Licenza Supplementare e ai
termini e alle condizioni di qualsiasi Contratto di Licenza aggiuntivo
accluso ai Componenti del Sistema Operativo individuali (ognuno dei
quali viene identificato come "Contratto di Licenza Individuale"), a
condizione che si attenga a tutti i termini e condizioni. Nella misura
in cui si verificasse un conflitto nei termini e nelle condizioni
applicabili ai Componenti del Sistema Operativo, verrà applicato il
seguente ordine di priorità: 1) i termini e le condizioni del Contratto
di Licenza Individuale; 2) i termini e le condizioni del presente
Contratto di Licenza Supplementare; 3) i termini e le condizioni
dell'applicabile Contratto di Licenza per il Prodotto del Sistema
Operativo. 
Diritti e limitazioni aggiuntivi. 
* Qualora l'utente disponga di più copie validamente concesse in
licenza del Prodotto del Sistema Operativo, potrà riprodurre,
installare e utilizzare una copia del Componente del Sistema Operativo
in quanto parte del suddetto Prodotto del Sistema Operativo su tutti i
suoi computer che eseguono copie validamente concesse in licenza del
Prodotto del Sistema Operativo, a condizione che utilizzi tali copie
aggiuntive dei Componenti del Sistema Operativo in conformità con i
termini e le condizioni di cui sopra. Per ogni copia validamente
concessa in licenza del Prodotto del Sistema Operativo, l'utente potrà
inoltre riprodurre una copia aggiuntiva dei Componenti del Sistema
Operativo esclusivamente come copia di archivio o per un'eventuale
reinstallazione dei Componenti del Sistema Operativo sul medesimo
computer sul quale essi erano precedentemente installati. Microsoft
mantiene la titolarità, i diritti e gli interessi relativi ai
Componenti del Sistema Operativo. Microsoft si riserva tutti i diritti
non espressamente concessi dal presente Contratto. 
* Qualora i Componenti del Sistema Operativo vengano installati
nell'ambito di un'organizzazione diversa dalla propria, prima di
effettuare l'installazione dei Componenti del Sistema Operativo, sarà
necessario confermare che l'utente finale (una persona fisica o
giuridica) abbia ricevuto, letto e accettato i termini e le condizioni
del presente Contratto. 
* I Componenti del Sistema Operativo contengono tecnologia che consente
alle applicazioni di essere condivise tra due o più computer, anche se
un'applicazione è installata su di uno solo di essi. Questa tecnologia
può essere utilizzata in congiunzione con tutti i prodotti Microsoft
per conferenze a cui partecipano più utenti. Nel caso di applicazioni
non sviluppate da Microsoft, l'utente è tenuto a consultare il relativo
contratto di licenza o a contattare il licenziante al fine di
determinare se la condivisione sia consentita dal licenziante. 
* L'utente non potrà divulgare a terze parti i risultati di test
benchmark del componente .NET Framework dei Componenti del Sistema
Operativo se non previa autorizzazione scritta da parte di Microsoft. 

LIMITATAMENTE A MICROSOFT VIRTUAL MACHINE PER JAVA, L'UTENTE DISPONE
SOLO DELLA LICENZA PER INSTALLARE QUESTO COMPONENTE DEL SISTEMA
OPERATIVO SU UN COMPUTER CHE GIÀ CONTIENE UNA VERSIONE DI MICROSOFT
VIRTUAL MACHINE PER JAVA. 
QUALORA IL PRODOTTO DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO SIA STATO CONCESSO IN LICENZA
ALL'UTENTE DA MICROSOFT O DA UNA DELLE SUE FILIALI, L'EVENTUALE
GARANZIA LIMITATA INCLUSA NELL'APPLICABILE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA PER IL
PRODOTTO DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO SI APPLICA AI COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA
OPERATIVO, A CONDIZIONE CHE QUESTI SIANO STATI RICEVUTI IN LICENZA
ENTRO IL PERIODO DI VALIDITÀ DELLA GARANZIA LIMITATA DELL'APPLICABILE
CONTRATTO DI LICENZA PER IL PRODOTTO DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO. TUTTAVIA,
IL PRESENTE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE NON ESTENDE IL PERIODO
DI VALIDITÀ DELLA GARANZIA LIMITATA. 
QUALORA IL PRODOTTO DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO SIA STATO CONCESSO IN LICENZA
DA UNA PERSONA FISICA O GIURIDICA DIVERSA DA MICROSOFT O DA UNA DELLE
SUE FILIALI, MICROSOFT NON RICONOSCE ALCUNA GARANZIA RELATIVAMENTE AI
COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO, COME INDICATO DI SEGUITO. 
ESCLUSIONE DI GARANZIE. NELLA MISURA MASSIMA CONSENTITA DALLA LEGGE IN
VIGORE, MICROSOFT E I SUOI FORNITORI FORNISCONO ALL'UTENTE I COMPONENTI
DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO ED EVENTUALI SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO RELATIVI AI
COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO ("I SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO") "COSÌ COME
SONO" E CON I POSSIBILI DIFETTI. RELATIVAMENTE AI COMPONENTI DEL
SISTEMA OPERATIVO E AI SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO TECNICO, MICROSOFT E I SUOI
FORNITORI NON FORNISCONO ALCUNA GARANZIA O DICHIARAZIONE, ESPRESSA,
IMPLICITA O DI LEGGE, COMPRESE, IN VIA ESEMPLIFICATIVA, EVENTUALI
GARANZIE O CONDIZIONI RELATIVE A: COMMERCIABILITÀ, IDONEITÀ PER UNO
SCOPO SPECIFICO, ASSENZA DI VIRUS, ACCURATEZZA O ESAUSTIVITÀ, RISULTATI
E MANCANZA DI NEGLIGENZA O DI PERIZIA IN RIFERIMENTO AL PRODOTTO E
ALL'ERRATA O MANCATA FORNITURA DEI SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO. INOLTRE NON
ESISTE ALCUNA GARANZIA O CONDIZIONE DI TITOLARITÀ, DI POSSESSO
PACIFICO, DI CORRISPONDENZA ALLA DESCRIZIONE O DI NON VIOLAZIONE DI
DIRITTI ALTRUI. IL RISCHIO DERIVANTE DALL'UTILIZZO O DALLE PRESTAZIONI
DEI COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO E DEI SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO È
INTERAMENTE A CARICO DELL'UTENTE. 
ESCLUSIONE DI RESPONSABILITÀ PER DANNI INCIDENTALI, INDIRETTI E DI
ALTRO TIPO. NELLA MISURA MASSIMA CONSENTITA DALLA LEGGE IN VIGORE, IN
NESSUN CASO MICROSOFT O I SUOI FORNITORI SARANNO RESPONSABILI PER DANNI
SPECIALI, INCIDENTALI, INDIRETTI, MORALI O CONSEQUENZIALI DI QUALSIASI
TIPO (COMPRESI, MA NON LIMITATAMENTE A, DANNI PER: MANCATO GUADAGNO,
PERDITA DI INFORMAZIONI CONFIDENZIALI O DI ALTRO TIPO, INTERRUZIONE
DELL'ATTIVITÀ, DANNI FISICI, PERDITA DI PRIVACY, OMISSIONE DI RISPETTO
DI OBBLIGHI - INCLUSO QUELLO DI COMPORTARSI IN BUONA FEDE O CON
RAGIONEVOLE DILIGENZA - NEGLIGENZA O ALTRE PERDITE ECONOMICHE)
DERIVANTI DALL'UTILIZZO O DALL'INCAPACITÀ DI UTILIZZARE I COMPONENTI
DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO O I SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO O DALLA FORNITURA O DALLA
MANCATA FORNITURA DEI SERVIZI DI SUPPORTO O, COMUNQUE, IN RELAZIONE AL
PRESENTE CONTRATTO DI LICENZA SUPPLEMENTARE, ANCHE QUALORA MICROSOFT O
I SUOI FORNITORI FOSSERO STATI AVVISATI DELLA POSSIBILITÀ DEL
VERIFICARSI DI TALI DANNI. 
LIMITAZIONE DI RESPONSABILITÀ E RIMEDI DELL'UTENTE. NONOSTANTE
EVENTUALI DANNI IN CUI, PER QUALSIASI MOTIVO, POTRÀ INCORRERE L'UTENTE
(INCLUSI, IN VIA ESEMPLIFICATIVA, I DANNI DI CUI SOPRA E OGNI TIPO DI
DANNO DIRETTO O GENERALE), LA RESPONSABILITÀ COMPLESSIVA DI MICROSOFT E
DEI SUOI FORNITORI E L'UNICO RIMEDIO DELL'UTENTE, PER QUANTO ATTIENE UN
EVENTUALE RISARCIMENTO, IN BASE A QUESTO CONTRATTO DI LICENZA
SUPPLEMENTARE, SARANNO LIMITATI AI DANNI EFFETTIVI RIPORTATI
DALL'UTENTE BASATI SULLA RAGIONEVOLE BUONA FEDE E NON POTRANNO COMUNQUE
ECCEDERE IL MAGGIOR IMPORTO TRA QUELLO PAGATO DALL'UTENTE PER I
COMPONENTI DEL SISTEMA OPERATIVO E LA SOMMA DI CINQUE DOLLARI (US$ 5).
LE SUDDETTE LIMITAZIONI, ESCLUSIONI E DICHIARAZIONI DI NON
RESPONSABILITÀ SONO APPLICABILI NELLA MISURA MASSIMA CONSENTITA DALLA
LEGGE IN VIGORE, ANCHE QUALORA IL RIMEDIO NON RAGGIUNGA IL SUO SCOPO
ESSENZIALE.

-=-=-=-

PhysX

Platforms:  PC, PS3, Mac, Linux, Xbox 360

Copyright © 2007 AGEIA Technologies, Inc.

AGEIA PhysX Driver License Agreement

This End User License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement
between you (either individually or an entity) ("You" and "Your") and
AGEIA Technologies Inc. ("AGEIA" and "AGEIA's") regarding the use of
the AGEIA PhysX Driver and any accompanying documentation
(collectively, the "Software").

YOU MUST READ AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE ANY
SOFTWARE CAN BE DOWNLOADED OR INSTALLED OR USED.  BY CLICKING ON THE
"AGREE" BUTTON OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR INSTALLING SOFTWARE, OR USING
SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, THEN YOU SHOULD EXIT THIS PAGE, NOT INSTALL OR USE ANY
SOFTWARE, AND DESTROY ALL COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE THAT YOU HAVE
DOWNLOADED.  BY DOING SO YOU FOREGO ANY IMPLIED OR STATED RIGHTS TO
DOWNLOAD OR INSTALL OR USE SOFTWARE.

This license is only granted to and only may be used by You.  AGEIA
grants You a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use
the provided Software for evaluation, testing and non-commercial
production purposes according to the terms set forth below:

1. Use of the Software.
a.  You may use, display and reproduce the AGEIA PhysX Driver.

b.  You may not and shall not permit others to:
(i)  modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or
otherwise attempt to defeat, avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate or
otherwise circumvent any software protection mechanisms in the
Software, including without limitation any such mechanism used to
restrict or control the functionality of the Software, or to derive the
source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure or
organization from the Software (except that the foregoing restrictions
do not apply to the extent that such activities may not be prohibited
under applicable law);
(ii) alter, adapt, modify or translate the Software in any way for any
purpose, including without limitation error correction;
(iii) distribute, rent, loan, lease, transfer or grant any rights in
the Software or modifications thereof in any form to any person without
the prior written consent of AGEIA.

c.  No Commercial Distribution Right.  This license grants no rights to
distribute the Software for any commercial purposes.  Any and all
individuals, companies, non-academic government agencies or other
organizations wishing to redistribute the Software for any purpose must
enter into written contract with AGEIA.  Please contact info@AGEIA.com
for further information.

2. Ownership.  This license is not a sale.  Title, copyrights and all
other rights to the Software and any copy made by You remain with AGEIA
and its suppliers and licensors. Unauthorized copying of the Software,
or failure to comply with the license restrictions set forth in Section
1(b) above, will result in automatic termination of this license and
will make available to AGEIA other legal remedies.

3. Termination.  This license is effective once You click the "AGREE"
button of this Agreement, or install or use the Software, and will
continue until terminated.  Unauthorized copying of the Software, Your
failure to comply with the above restrictions or Your failure to comply
with any terms of this Agreement will result in automatic termination
of this Agreement and will make available to AGEIA other legal
remedies.  Upon termination of this license for any reason You will
destroy all copies of the Software. Any use of the Software after
termination is unlawful.  Upon termination of this Agreement, all
rights granted to You in this Agreement shall immediately terminate. 
AGEIA's rights and Your obligations under this Agreement shall survive
any termination of this Agreement.

4. Trademarks.	Certain of the product names used in this Agreement and
the Software constitute trademarks, trade names, trade dress, or
service marks ("Trademarks") of AGEIA or other third parties.  You are
not authorized to use any such Trademarks for any purpose.

5. No Warranty. THE SOFTWARE IS BEING DELIVERED TO YOU "AS IS" AND
AGEIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE. 
AGEIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS MAKE AND YOU RECEIVE NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE OR
IN ANY COMMUNICATION WITH YOU, AND AGEIA AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND
LICENSORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
OR NONINFRINGEMENT AND THEIR EQUIVALENTS.  AGEIA does not warrant that
the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free or
that the Software will meet Your specific requirements.

SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  YOU
MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND
JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

6. Limitation of Liability.  IN NO EVENT WILL AGEIA, ITS SUPPLIERS OR
ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF OR CORRUPTION TO DATA, LOST PROFITS
OR LOSS OF CONTRACTS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR
OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES,
LOSSES, COSTS OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE SUPPLY OR USE OF
THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE).  THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF
AGEIA OR AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF
ANY LIMITED REMEDY EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT LIABILITY MAY NOT BY LAW
BE LIMITED OR EXCLUDED.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE LACK OF A REQUIRED
PAYMENT BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE REFLECT THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK.

SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE
ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

7. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold AGEIA, its successors,
assigns, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and
employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Your
failure to comply with this Agreement or Your violation of any law or
the rights of any third party.

8. Legal Compliance. You agree that You shall fully comply with all
applicable laws, statutes, ordinances and regulations regarding Your
use of the Software.

9. Governing Law and General Provisions. This Agreement shall not be
governed by the 1980 U.N. Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods; rather, this Agreement and the performance of the
parties hereunder shall be construed in accordance with and governed by
the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., except for its conflict of
law rules.  The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action arising
out of or related to this Agreement will be either the state or federal
courts in Santa Clara County, California, U.S.A., and the parties agree
and submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of
these courts.  This Agreement is the entire agreement between You and
AGEIA and supersedes any other communications, representations or
advertising with respect to the Software.  If any provision of this
Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be
revised to the extent necessary to cure the invalidity or
unenforceability, and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in
full force and effect.	Failure to prosecute a party's rights with
respect to a default hereunder will not constitute a waiver of the
right to enforce rights with respect to the same or any other breach. 
If You are acquiring the Software on behalf of any part of the U.S.
Government, the following provisions apply.  The Software programs and
documentation are deemed to be "Commercial computer software" and
"Commercial computer software documentation" respectively, pursuant to
DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR 12.212(b), as applicable.  Any use,
modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure
of the Software programs and/or documentation by the U.S. Government or
any of its agencies shall be governed solely by the terms of this
Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly
permitted by the terms of this Agreement.  Any technical data provided
that is not covered by the above provisions is deemed to be "Technical
data-commercial items" pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7015(a). Any use,
modification, reproduction, release, performance, display or disclosure
of such technical data shall be governed by the terms of DFAR Section
227.7015(b).

10. Questions.	Should You have any questions relating to this
Agreement, or if You desire to contact AGEIA for any reason, please
contact info@AGEIA.com.

Copyright © 2007 AGEIA Technologies, Inc.  All rights reserved.
http://www.AGEIA.com

-=-=-=-

Visual Studio 2005
Platforms:  PC

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO 2005 PROFESSIONAL EDITION 

These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or
based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you.  Please read
them.  They apply to the software named above, which includes the media
on which you received it, if any.  The terms also apply to any
Microsoft

  - updates, 
  - supplements, 
  - Internet-based services, and
  - support services

for this software, unless other terms accompany those items.  If so,
those terms apply.

BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS.	IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT
THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.	INSTEAD, RETURN IT TO THE RETAILER FOR
A REFUND OR CREDIT.  If you cannot obtain a refund there, contact
Microsoft or the Microsoft affiliate serving your country for
information about Microsoft's refund policies.	See
www.microsoft.com/worldwide.  In the United States and Canada, call
(800) MICROSOFT or see www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.

AS DESCRIBED BELOW, USING SOME FEATURES ALSO OPERATES AS YOUR CONSENT
TO THE TRANSMISSION OF CERTAIN STANDARD COMPUTER INFORMATION FOR
INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.

NOTICE:  APPLICATIONS AND SERVICES BUILT WITH MICROSOFT VISUAL J# 2005
WILL RUN ONLY IN THE MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK.	VISUAL J# 2005 HAS BEEN
INDEPENDENTLY DEVELOPED BY MICROSOFT.  IT IS NOT ENDORSED OR APPROVED
BY SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC.
------------------------------

IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW FOR
EACH LICENSE YOU ACQUIRE.

1. OVERVIEW.

a. Software.  The software includes development tools, software
programs and documentation.
b. License Model.  The software is licensed on a per user basis.

2. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.

a. General.  One user may install and use copies of the software to
design, develop, test and demonstrate your programs.  Testing does not
include staging on a server in a production environment, such as
loading content prior to production use.
b. Included Microsoft Programs.  These license terms apply to all
Microsoft programs included with the software.	If the license terms
with any of those programs give you other rights that do not expressly
conflict with these license terms, you also have those rights.
c. Third Party Programs.  The software contains third party programs. 
The license terms with those programs apply to your use of them.

3. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.

a. User Testing.  Your end users may access the software to perform
acceptance tests on your programs.
b. Distributable Code.	The software contains code that you are
permitted to distribute in programs you develop if you comply with the
terms below.
i. Right to Use and Distribute.  The code and text files listed below
are "Distributable Code."
  - REDIST.TXT Files.  You may copy and distribute the object code form
of code listed in REDIST.TXT files.
  - Sample Code.  You may modify, copy, and distribute the source and
object code form of code marked as "sample."
  - Microsoft Merge Modules.  You may copy and distribute the
unmodified output of Microsoft Merge Modules.
  - MFCs, ATLs and CRTs.  You may modify the source code form of
Microsoft Foundation Classes (MFCs), Active Template Libraries (ATLs),
and C runtimes (CRTs) to design, develop and test your programs, and
copy and distribute the object code form of your modified files under a
new name.
  - MDAC.  You may copy and distribute the object code form of the
MDAC_TYP.EXE file.
  - Image Library.  You may copy and distribute images and animations
in the Image Library as described in the software documentation.  You
may also modify that content.  If you modify the content, it must be
for use that is consistent with the permitted use of the unmodified
content.
  - Third Party Distribution.  You may permit distributors of your
programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those
programs.
ii. Distribution Requirements.	For any Distributable Code you
distribute, you must
  - add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;
  - require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that
protect it at least as much as this agreement;
  - display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and
  - indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims,
including attorneys' fees, related to the distribution or use of your
programs.

iii. Distribution Restrictions.  You may not
  - alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the
Distributable Code;
  - use Microsoft's trademarks in your programs' names or in a way that
suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;
  - distribute Distributable Code, other than code listed in
OTHER-DIST.TXT files, to run on a platform other than the Windows
platform;
  - include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful
programs; or
  - modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so
that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License.  An
Excluded License is one that requires, as a condition of use,
modification or distribution, that
  - the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or
  - others have the right to modify it.
c. Additional Functionality.  Microsoft may provide additional
functionality for the software.  Other license terms and fees may
apply.

4. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.  Microsoft provides Internet-based services
with the software.  It may change or cancel them at any time.

a. Consent for Internet-Based Services.  The software feature described
below connects to Microsoft or service provider computer systems over
the Internet.  In some cases, you will not receive a separate notice
when they connect.  You may switch off this feature or not use it.  For
more information about this feature, see the software documentation. 
BY USING THIS FEATURE, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSMISSION OF THIS
INFORMATION.  Microsoft does not use the information to identify or
contact you.
Computer Information.  The following feature uses Internet protocols,
which send to the appropriate systems computer information, such as
your Internet protocol address, the type of operating system, browser
and name and version of the software you are using, and the language
code of the device where you installed the software.  Microsoft uses
this information to make the Internet-based service available to you.
  - Digital Certificates.  The software uses digital certificates. 
These digital certificates confirm the identity of Internet users
sending X.509 standard encrypted information.  The software retrieves
certificates and updates certificate revocation lists. These security
features operate only when you use the Internet.
b. Misuse of Internet-based Services.  You may not use this service in
any way that could harm it or impair anyone else's use of it.  You may
not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service,
data, account or network by any means.
-
5. TIME-SENSITIVE SOFTWARE.  If the version of the software is a trial
version, the software will stop running either ninety days or one
hundred eighty days after you install it, depending on the trial
version you have.  You will receive notice before it stops running. 
You may not be able to access data used with the software when it stops
running.



6. PRODUCT KEYS.  The software requires a key to install or access it. 
You are responsible for the use of keys assigned to you.  You should
not share the keys with third parties.

7. MICROSOFT WINDOWS SOFTWARE.	The software contains the Microsoft
.NET Framework 2.0 and Microsoft Data Access Component 2.8  SP1
software.  These software are part of Windows.	The license terms for
Windows apply to your use of the .NET Framework 2.0 and Microsoft Data
Access Component software.

8. SQL SERVER BENCHMARK TESTING.  You must obtain Microsoft's prior
written approval to disclose to a third party the results of any
benchmark test of the SQL Server software that accompanies this
software. 

9. MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK BENCHMARK TESTING.	The software includes
the .NET Framework component of the Windows operating systems (".NET
Component").  You may conduct internal benchmark testing of the .NET
Component.  You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of the
.NET Component, provided that you comply with the following terms:  (1)
you must disclose all the information necessary for replication of the
tests, including complete and accurate details of your benchmark
testing methodology,  the test scripts/cases, tuning parameters
applied, hardware and software platforms tested, the name and version
number of any third party testing tool used to conduct the testing, and
complete source code for the benchmark suite/harness that is developed
by or for you and used to test both the .NET Component and the
competing implementation(s); (2) you must disclose the date (s) that
you conducted the benchmark tests, along with specific version
information for all Microsoft software products tested, including the
.NET Component; (3) your benchmark testing was performed using all
performance tuning and best practice guidance set forth in the product
documentation and/or on Microsoft's support web sites, and uses the
latest updates, patches and fixes available for the .NET Component and
the relevant Microsoft operating system; (4) it shall be sufficient if
you make the disclosures provided for above at a publicly available
location such as a website, so long as every public disclosure of the
results of your benchmark test expressly identifies the public site
containing all required disclosures; and (5) nothing in this provision
shall be deemed to waive any other right that you may have to conduct
benchmark testing.  The foregoing obligations shall not apply to your
disclosure of the results of any customized benchmark test of the .NET
Component, whereby such disclosure is made under confidentiality in
conjunction with a bid request by a prospective customer, such
customer's application(s) are specifically tested and the results are
only disclosed to such specific customer.  Notwithstanding any other
agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark
test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of
benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the .NET
Component, provided it complies with the same conditions above.

10. SCOPE OF LICENSE.  The software is licensed, not sold. This
agreement only gives you some rights to use the software.  Microsoft
reserves all other rights.  Unless applicable law gives you more rights
despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly
permitted in this agreement.  In doing so, you must comply with any
technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in
certain ways.  For more information, see
www.microsoft.com/licensing/userights.	You may not

  - work around any technical limitations in the software;
  - reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and
only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this
limitation;
  - make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement
or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;
  - publish the software for others to copy;
  - rent, lease or lend the software; or
  - use the software for commercial software hosting services.

11. BACKUP COPY.  You may make one backup copy of the software.  You
may use it only to reinstall the software.

12. DOCUMENTATION.  Any person that has valid access to your computer
or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your
internal, reference purposes.

13. NOT FOR RESALE SOFTWARE.  You may not sell software marked as "NFR"
or "Not for Resale."

14. ACADEMIC EDITION SOFTWARE.	You must be a "Qualified Educational
User" to use software marked as "Academic Edition" or "AE."   If you do
not know whether you are a Qualified Educational User, visit
www.microsoft.com/education or contact the Microsoft affiliate serving
your country.

15. UPGRADE.  If this software is marked as an upgrade version, you may
use it only if you have a license to use the software eligible for
upgrade.  If you upgrade, this software takes the place of the earlier
version, and this agreement takes the place of the agreement for that
earlier version.  You may use the earlier version only as permitted in
the Downgrade clause below.  

16. DOWNGRADE.	You may install and use this version and an earlier
version of the software at the same time.  This agreement applies to
your use of the earlier version.  If the earlier version includes
different components, any terms for those components in the agreement
that comes with the earlier version apply to your use of them. 
Microsoft is not obligated to supply earlier versions to you.

17. TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY.	The first user of the software may
transfer it, and this agreement, directly to a third party.  Before the
transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the
transfer and use of the software.  The first user must uninstall the
software before transferring it separately from the device.  The first
user may not retain any copies.

18. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  The software is subject to United States
export laws and regulations.  You must comply with all domestic and
international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. 
These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use.
 For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.

19. SUPPORT SERVICES.  Microsoft provides support services for the
software as described at
www.support.microsoft.com/common/international.aspx.

20. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.  This agreement (including the warranty below),
and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and
support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the
software and support services.

21. APPLICABLE LAW.

a. United States.  If you acquired the software in the United States,
Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and
applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws
principles.  The laws of the state where you live govern all other
claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair
competition laws, and in tort.
b. Outside the United States.  If you acquired the software in any
other country, the laws of that country apply.

22. LEGAL EFFECT.  This agreement describes certain legal rights.  You
may have other rights under the laws of your state or country.	You may
also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the
software.  This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of
your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not
permit it to do so.

23. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES.  YOU CAN RECOVER FROM
MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO THE AMOUNT YOU
PAID FOR THE SOFTWARE. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING
CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

This limitation applies to
  - anything related to the software, services, content (including
code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and
  - claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent
permitted by applicable law.

It also applies even if
  - repair, replacement or a refund for the software does not fully
compensate you for any losses; or
  - Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the
damages.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not
apply to you.  They also may not apply to you because your country may
not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or
other damages. 

***********************************************************************
**************

LIMITED WARRANTY

A. LIMITED WARRANTY.  If you follow the instructions, the software will
perform substantially as described in the Microsoft materials that you
receive in or with the software.

B. TERM OF WARRANTY; WARRANTY RECIPIENT; LENGTH OF ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY COVERS THE SOFTWARE FOR ONE YEAR
AFTER ACQUIRED BY THE FIRST USER.  IF YOU RECEIVE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES,
OR REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE DURING THAT YEAR, THEY WILL BE COVERED FOR THE
REMAINDER OF THE WARRANTY OR 30 DAYS, WHICHEVER IS LONGER.  If the
first user transfers the software, the remainder of the warranty will
apply to the recipient.

TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
CONDITIONS LAST ONLY DURING THE TERM OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.  Some
states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts,
so these limitations may not apply to you.  They also might not apply
to you because some countries may not allow limitations on how long an
implied warranty, guarantee or condition lasts.

C. EXCLUSIONS FROM WARRANTY.  This warranty does not cover problems
caused by your acts (or failures to act), the acts of others, or events
beyond Microsoft's reasonable control.

D. REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  MICROSOFT WILL REPAIR OR REPLACE THE
SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.	IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR REPLACE IT,
MICROSOFT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON YOUR RECEIPT FOR THE
SOFTWARE.  IT WILL ALSO REPAIR OR REPLACE SUPPLEMENTS, UPDATES AND
REPLACEMENT SOFTWARE AT NO CHARGE.  IF MICROSOFT CANNOT REPAIR OR
REPLACE THEM, IT WILL REFUND THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THEM, IF ANY.  YOU
MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE AND RETURN ANY MEDIA AND OTHER ASSOCIATED
MATERIALS TO MICROSOFT WITH PROOF OF PURCHASE TO OBTAIN A REFUND. 
THESE ARE YOUR ONLY REMEDIES FOR BREACH OF THE LIMITED WARRANTY.

E. CONSUMER RIGHTS NOT AFFECTED.  YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER
RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, WHICH THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE.

F. WARRANTY PROCEDURES.  You need proof of purchase for warranty
service.

1. United States and Canada.  For warranty service or information about
how to obtain a refund for software acquired in the United States and
Canada, contact Microsoft at

  - (800) MICROSOFT;
  - Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond,
WA 98052-6399; or
  - visit www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.

2. Europe, Middle East and Africa.  If you acquired the software in
Europe, the Middle East or Africa, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited
makes this limited warranty.  To make a claim under this warranty, you
should contact either

  - Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium
Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin
18, Ireland; or
  - the Microsoft affiliate serving your country (see
www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

3. Outside United States, Canada, Europe, Middle East and Africa.  If
you acquired the software outside the United States, Canada, Europe,
the Middle East and Africa, contact the Microsoft affiliate serving
your country (see www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

G. NO OTHER WARRANTIES.  THE LIMITED WARRANTY IS THE ONLY DIRECT
WARRANTY FROM MICROSOFT.  MICROSOFT GIVES NO OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES,
GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS.  WHERE ALLOWED BY YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT
EXCLUDES IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  If your local laws give you
any implied warranties, guarantees or conditions, despite this
exclusion, your remedies are described in the Remedy for Breach of
Warranty clause above, to the extent permitted by your local laws.

H. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY.  THE
LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES CLAUSE ABOVE APPLIES TO BREACHES
OF THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.

THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE
OTHER RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.  YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER
RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM COUNTRY TO COUNTRY. 

Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of
the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.

Remarque : Ce logiciel étant distribué au Québec, Canada, certaines des
clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.

GARANTIE LIMITÉE

A. GARANTIE LIMITÉE.  Si vous suivez les instructions, le logiciel
fonctionnera dans son ensemble comme il est décrit dans la
documentation de Microsoft reçue avec ou dans le logiciel.

B. DURÉE DE LA GARANTIE ; BÉNÉFICIAIRE DE LA GARANTIE ; DURÉE DE TOUTE
GARANTIE IMPLICITE.  La garantie limitée couvre le logiciel pendant un
an après son acquisition par le premier utilisateur.  Si vous recevez
des compléments, des mises à jour ou un logiciel de remplacement au
cours de cette année, ils seront couverts par la garantie pendant la
durée restante ou pendant 30 jours, la période la plus longue étant
retenue.  Si le premier utilisateur transfère le logiciel, la durée
restante de la garantie s'applique au destinataire.

Dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur, toute garantie ou
condition implicite dont vous bénéficiez prendra fin au terme de la
garantie limitée.  Certains États n'autorisent pas les limitations
portant sur la durée d'une garantie implicite, de sorte que les
limitations ci-dessus peuvent ne pas vous être applicables.  Elles
peuvent également ne pas vous être applicables, car certains pays
n'autorisent pas les limitations portant sur la durée d'une garantie ou
condition implicite.

C. EXCLUSIONS DE LA GARANTIE.  Cette garantie ne couvre pas les
problèmes engendrés par vos propres actes (ou absences d'actes), ceux
de tiers ou tout autre événement indépendant de la volonté de
Microsoft.

D. RECOURS DANS LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE.  Nous nous
engageons à réparer ou à remplacer le logiciel gratuitement.  Si nous
ne pouvons pas le réparer ni le remplacer, nous rembourserons le
montant que vous avez payé pour le logiciel figurant sur le reçu.  Nous
nous engageons à réparer ou à remplacer les compléments, les mises à
jour et le logiciel de remplacement gratuitement.  Si nous ne pouvons
pas les réparer ni les remplacer, nous rembourserons le montant que
vous avez payé pour ces composants, le cas échéant.  Vous devez
désinstaller le logiciel et le renvoyer à Microsoft avec une preuve
d'achat pour vous faire rembourser.  Ces recours sont les seuls dont
vous disposez dans le cadre de la violation de garantie limitée.

E. DROITS DES CONSOMMATEURS NON AFFECTÉS.  Vous pouvez bénéficier de
droits des consommateurs supplémentaires dans le cadre du droit local,
que ce contrat ne peut modifier.

F. PROCÉDURES RELATIVES AUX RÉCLAMATIONS DANS LE CADRE DE LA GARANTIE. 
Vous devrez fournir une preuve d'achat pour obtenir de l'aide en
matière de garantie.

1. États-Unis et Canada.  Pour obtenir de l'aide en matière de garantie
ou des informations sur la procédure à suivre pour vous faire
rembourser un logiciel acquis aux États-Unis et au Canada, mettez-vous
en rapport avec Microsoft

  - (800) MICROSOFT ;
  - Microsoft Customer Service and Support, One Microsoft Way, Redmond,
WA 98052-6399 ; ou
  - en visitant www.microsoft.com/info/nareturns.htm.


2. Europe, Moyen-Orient et Afrique.  Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en
Europe, au Moyen-Orient ou en Afrique, Microsoft Ireland Operations
Limited offre cette garantie limitée.  Pour faire une réclamation au
titre de cette garantie, vous devez vous mettre en rapport avec

  - Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Customer Care Centre, Atrium
Building Block B, Carmanhall Road, Sandyford Industrial Estate, Dublin
18, Irlande ; ou
  - votre filiale nationale de Microsoft (visitez le site
www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

3. En dehors des États-Unis, du Canada, de l'Europe, du Moyen-Orient et
de l'Afrique.  Si vous avez acquis le logiciel en dehors des
États-Unis, du Canada, de l'Europe, du Moyen-Orient et de l'Afrique,
mettez-vous en rapport avec votre filiale nationale de Microsoft
(visitez le site www.microsoft.com/worldwide).

G. AUCUNE AUTRE GARANTIE.  La garantie limitée est la seule garantie
directe de Microsoft.  Nous n'accordons aucune autre garantie ou
condition expresse.  Dans toute la mesure permise par le droit local,
les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d'adéquation à un usage
particulier et d'absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.  Si le droit
local vous accorde des garanties ou conditions implicites, nonobstant
la présente exclusion, les recours dont vous disposez sont ceux
présentés dans la clause de recours dans le cadre de la violation de
garantie ci-dessus, dans la limite autorisée par le droit local.

H. LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ DANS
LE CADRE DE LA VIOLATION DE GARANTIE.  La clause de limitation des
dommages-intérêts et exclusion de responsabilité ci-dessous s'applique
aux violations de cette garantie limitée.

La présente garantie vous confère des droits légaux spécifiques et vous
pouvez également bénéficier d'autres droits qui varient d'un État à
l'autre.  Vous pouvez également bénéficier d'autres droits qui varient
d'un pays à l'autre.

LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR
LES DOMMAGES.  Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs
une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur du
montant que vous avez payé pour le logiciel. Vous ne pouvez prétendre à
aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages
spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.

Cette limitation concerne

  - toute affaire liée au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y
compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des
programmes tiers ; et
  - les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie ou
condition, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou
d'une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.

Elle s'applique également, même si
  - la réparation, le remplacement ou le remboursement du logiciel ne
compense pas intégralement toute perte subie ; ou
  - Microsoft connaissait l'éventualité d'un tel dommage.

Certains États n'autorisent pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de
responsabilité pour les dommages indirects ou accessoires, de sorte que
la limitation ou l'exclusion ci-dessus peut ne pas vous être
applicable.  Elles peuvent également ne pas vous être applicables, car
votre pays n'autorise pas l'exclusion ou la limitation de
responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque
nature que ce soit.

EFFET JURIDIQUE.  Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques.
Vous pourriez avoir d'autres droits prévus par les lois de votre État
ou pays. Vous pourriez également avoir des droits à l'égard de la
partie de qui vous avez acquis de logiciel. Le présent contrat ne
modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre État ou
pays si celles ci ne le permettent pas.

-=-=-=-

GameSpy
Platforms:  PC, PS3, Mac, Linux

IGN Privacy Policy
Effective as of February 2, 2007.  This policy will change from time to
time.  The  most recent version can be found at:
http://corp.ign.com/privacy.html
IGN Entertainment, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "IGN" or "we")
is part of the News America Group, which has adopted a set of Privacy
Principles http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html applicable to all its
U.S.-based companies. IGN has implemented those Principles in this
Privacy Policy, which describes how we collect, use, and share
personally identifiable information (information that can be used to
identify you, such as your full name, email address, mailing address,
or telephone number) ("PII") we obtain from and about individuals
located in the U.S. both online and off-line.
This Policy applies to all web sites and services owned or provided by
IGN, including its subsidiaries (collectively "IGN Sites"). IGN Sites
include, but are not limited to, IGN.com, VaultNetwork.com,
CheatsCodesGuides.com, GameStats.com, TeamXbox.com, GameSpy.com,
GameSpyArcade.com, GameSpyArena.com, Direct2Drive.com,
RottenTomatoes.com, FilePlanet.com, 3DGamers.com, Insider.ign.com, and
AskMen.com, as well as other IGN-branded services. New sites, domain
names, or services that we add to the IGN Sites will be subject to this
Policy.
The IGN Sites are general audience web sites, and IGN does not
knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age. 
From time to time we may revise this Policy to reflect industry
initiatives or changes in the law, our information collection and use
practices, the features of the IGN Sites, or technology. If we make
revisions that change the way we collect or use your PII, those changes
will be posted in this Policy and the effective date will be noted at
the beginning of this Policy. Therefore, you should review it
periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies
and practices. If we materially change our practices regarding use of
your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Policy under
which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and
have not objected to, the change. 
COLLECTION: Collection of PII by IGN
General. IGN collects PII in order to create or enhance our
relationship with you. When we collect PII from you it is because you
are voluntarily submitting the information to us in order to
participate in certain activities including (i) registration for
certain online services and tools such as downloads, message boards,
chat rooms or other community services; (ii) registration for special
communications, such as email updates and newsletters; (iii)
subscription registration; (iv) purchase products or services from or
through the IGN Sites; (v) user surveys; (vi) events, sweepstakes,
contests or promotions; and (vii) registration for online multi- or
single-player gaming. We may obtain PII from third parties that we
consider to be reputable. We also may receive on the IGN Sites
user-generated content or information of any type or medium, which may
include PII, including but not limited to: audio conversations; text
chat and video images from chat rooms; user reviews; and game guide
submissions.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information in public areas of an IGN Site, such as the member home
pages and message boards, your information can be viewed and possibly
used by others. We advise users to be especially careful in such public
areas about disclosing PII, such as full name, home address, or phone
number.
Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that are placed on the
hard drive of your computer when you visit the IGN Sites. We may use
cookies to recognize users who have already registered for an IGN Site,
allowing those users to speed up their future activities on the IGN
Sites. Information about your activities on IGN sites and other
non-personally identifiable information about you may also be used to
tailor the online ads you encounter to those we believe are consistent
with your interests. 
Third party advertisements displayed on the IGN Sites may also contain
cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers. IGN does
not control these cookies. You should check the privacy policy of the
Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it
uses cookies. See the "Notice" section below for more information on
third party advertisements.
IGN may use cookies and similar tools to relate your use of the IGN
Sites to PII obtained from you or a third party. For example, if you've
asked us to provide you with information about our products or
promotions, cookie and/or click stream data about your activities on
the IGN Sites may allow us to limit the materials we provide you to
items we think you will find interesting, based on your prior online
activities and preferences. We will not coordinate your PII and web
site activity information in this manner without first obtaining your
express affirmative consent. 
You can set your computer to alert you each time a cookie is being sent
or to refuse cookies completely. However, without cookies, you may not
have access to certain features on the IGN Sites.
Web beacons. The IGN Sites may contain electronic images known as Web
beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used to
assist in delivering or accessing cookies on our sites and allow us to
count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded
services. We may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or
our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened
and acted upon.
We may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help us
compile aggregated statistics and determine the effectiveness of our
promotional campaigns. We prohibit Web beacons on our sites from being
used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
Finally, we may work with other companies that advertise on the IGN
Sites to place Web beacons on their sites in order to allow us to
develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on an IGN
site results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's site.
NOTICE: IGN Will Provide You with Notice About its PII Collection
Practices
When you voluntarily provide PII in response to our request or we
authorize a third party to collect PII from you on the IGN Sites, we
will inform you about who is collecting the information, how and why
the information is being collected, and the types of uses IGN will make
of the information At the time you provide your PII, IGN will notify
you of your options regarding our use of your PII (See "Choice" below).
This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to
send you information about their products and services and with whom we
may want to share your personal information, as provided in this Policy
(See "Use" below).
Sometimes we collect PII from consumers in manual format or off-line,
such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed notice in
those situations often proves impractical, so consumers will instead be
provided with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text
of this Policy and other relevant information from us.
When you sign up with our partners for services such as game hosting,
userpages, and other services, you are providing information to the
partner offering the service as well as to IGN. Use of your PII by the
partner is subject to that partner's privacy policy, and you should
carefully read the privacy policy of the partner providing the service
before deciding to take advantage of the service.
The IGN Sites may be linked to Internet sites operated by other
companies. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with an
IGN or affiliated entity's logo, even though they are not operated or
maintained by IGN. The IGN Sites also carry advertisements from other
companies. IGN is not responsible for the privacy practices of web
sites operated by third parties that are linked to the IGN Sites or for
the privacy practices of third party or national Internet advertising
companies. Once you've left an IGN Site via such a link or by clicking
on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of
the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle
any PII they collect from you.
The IGN Sites may also be linked to sites operated by companies
affiliated with IGN (i.e., that are part of the News America Group).
Although all News America Group entities adhere to the group's Privacy
Principles http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html, visitors to those
affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies
and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Policy. 
Some of the advertisements that appear on the IGN Sites are delivered
to you by nationalInternet advertising companies such as those listed
below. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver
advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous
information about your visit to the IGN Sites, including information
about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that
reads (or approximates) your IP address. To opt out of information
collection by these companies, or to obtain information about the
technologies they use or their own privacy policies, please visit:
http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/
or
http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp.
CHOICE: IGN Will Provide You with Choices About the Use of Your PII
IGN will not use your PII for purposes different from those about which
you have been notified, or share your PII with third parties that are
not affiliated with IGN, unless you have asked to receive certain
information and/or services from third parties or participate in
certain third-party programs (such as beta or demos) and have been
notified that the fulfillment of such a request requires the sharing of
your PII or you have consented to such sharing. 
For example, IGN provides game owners/publishers with certain hosted
technology and software that enables various game related
functionalities, such as online multi- or single-player gaming, on our
Sites. If you are not already a registered user of the IGN Sites you
may be asked to provide PII in connection with your use of such
services. In addition, we may share your PII with game
owners/publishers so that they can provide you with the services you
have elected to receive. Similarly, IGN may provide downloads of
software for, or host play of, pre-release test, or "beta", versions of
games as well as partial game demonstrations, trials and full game
downloads provided by the owner/publisher. In order to receive or
participate in these programs, you may be required to provide PII,
which we may provide to the owner/publisher. Any PII that you provide
to game owners/publishers will be subject to the game
owner's/publisher's privacy policy, and we have no control over the
ways that game owners/publishers to whom you provide your PII may use
your PII. 
USE: IGN's Use of PII
IGN will use your PII in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.
If IGN obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, our
use of that information is governed by this Policy. IGN may use PII in
aggregate, anonymous form for research purposes.
We may contact you regarding account status, changes to this Policy,
our User Agreement or other terms of use, to confirm your registration,
for customer service purposes or for any other business reason related
to your use of IGN Sites.
IGN may share your PII with companies that are affiliated with us, that
is, are part of the News America Group of companies. Provided you have
given us consent, IGN may also share your PII with advertisers and
business partners that are not affiliated with IGN, but would like to
send you information about their products and services, such as
sponsors of promotions or sweepstakes that appear on the IGN sites. We
will never share your credit card information with third parties except
those IGN uses to perform tasks (such as order fulfillment and payment
processing) required to complete purchases you make through web sites.
IGN employees, agents, and contractors are required to have a
legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. IGN may share
your PII with outside contractors or agents who help us manage our
information activities (i.e., sweepstakes administration, order
fulfillment, statistical analyses), but they must have agreed only to
use your PII to provide IGN with a specific service and not for any
other purpose. 
IGN may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess
the technology that allows IGN to customize the advertising and
marketing messages you receive on the IGN Sites. Your non-PII and click
stream data about your activities on our sites may be shared with these
companies so this customization can be accomplished. These companies
have agreed not to share your information with any third party or use
it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream and demographic
information may also be shared with IGN's advertisers and business
partners. 
IGN automatically updates software used in conjunction with certain of
the services available on the IGN Sites. In order to accomplish this,
IGN collects information about a user's current version of the software
from the user's computer. This information is not archived but is only
used to determine which software requires updating. 
IGN may record audio conversations or copy text chat or video images
from chat rooms on the IGN Sites and may use and therefore disclose
such material for use in connection with promoting the IGN Sites. In
addition, IGN may collect other user-generated content such as user
reviews and game guide submissions to post on our community hub site.
Further information regarding user-generated content is available in
the IGN User Agreement located at
http://corp.ign.com/user-agreement.html.
There may be instances when IGN may disclose PII without providing you
with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of IGN, other
companies within the News America Group or their employees, agents, and
contractors; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web
sites; to investigate, prevent or protect against suspected fraud,
illegal activity, violations of our user agreement or for risk
management purposes; or to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal
process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against
legal claims. In addition, if IGN sells all or part of its business or
makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger
or business transfer, IGN may transfer your PII to a third party as
part of that transaction. 
SECURITY: IGN Protects the Security of PII
IGN uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical
measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and
unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Passwords and other
sensitive information stored by IGN are encrypted in transit.
Notwithstanding these security measures, please be aware that when you
submit PII to the IGN Sites over the Internet, the information may
travel over many systems that are not under the IGN's control and may
not be secure. 
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal
information, it is your responsibility to keep your password
confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. Anyone who has
access to your password will have access to your PII, as well as to any
credit card information that you have submitted. If you are sharing a
computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or
service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
ACCESS: How to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Preferences Regarding
Your PII
To access, correct or update your account or other Personal Information
such as your city or interests, please use the "My Account" link on the
IGN Site on which you are registered. 
If you want to update your email address or stop receiving these types
of promotional emails, please follow the procedures to unsubscribe at
the bottom of any email we send you. You may unsubscribe from any
Premium service for which you have previously elected by following the
instructions included in the IGN User Agreement
http://corp.ign.com/user-agreement.html.
REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: How to Contact IGN About Privacy Concerns
If you have any other questions, comments or complaints about this
Policy, please contact us via our online form, available at
http://support.ign.com/ or write to us at:
IGN Entertainment, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department/Privacy Administrator
8000 Marina Blvd.
4th Floor
Brisbane, CA 94005
*Be sure to include the specific IGN Site to which you are a member and
about which you have a question.

-=-=-=-

Lua
Platforms:  Linux (installer only)

Copyright © 1994-2006 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense,
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-=-=-=-

SDL 1.2
Platforms:  Mac, Linux

GNU Lesser General Public License

Version 2.1, February 1999

    Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc. 59 Temple
Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA Everyone is permitted to
copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but
changing it is not allowed.

    [This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL. It also
counts as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2,
hence the version number 2.1.]

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom
to share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public Licenses
are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.

This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some
specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the
Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it. You
can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether
this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better
strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations
below.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use, not
price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it
in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do these
things.

To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these
rights. These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for
you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.

For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis or
for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
you. You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
code. If you link other code with the library, you must provide
complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them
with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling
it. And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.

We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the
library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal
permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.

To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that there
is no warranty for the free library. Also, if the library is modified
by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know that what
they have is not the original version, so that the original author's
reputation will not be affected by problems that might be introduced by
others.

Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of
any free program. We wish to make sure that a company cannot
effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a
restrictive license from a patent holder. Therefore, we insist that any
patent license obtained for a version of the library must be consistent
with the full freedom of use specified in this license.

Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the ordinary
GNU General Public License. This license, the GNU Lesser General Public
License, applies to certain designated libraries, and is quite
different from the ordinary General Public License. We use this license
for certain libraries in order to permit linking those libraries into
non-free programs.

When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using a
shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a
combined work, a derivative of the original library. The ordinary
General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the
entire combination fits its criteria of freedom. The Lesser General
Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with
the library.

We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it
does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General
Public License. It also provides other free software developers Less of
an advantage over competing non-free programs. These disadvantages are
the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many
libraries. However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain
special circumstances.

For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to
encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it
becomes a de-facto standard. To achieve this, non-free programs must be
allowed to use the library. A more frequent case is that a free library
does the same job as widely used non-free libraries. In this case,
there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free software
only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.

In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free
programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of free
software. For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in non-free
programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU operating
system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating system.

Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the
users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is
linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run that
program using a modified version of the Library.


The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
modification follow. Pay close attention to the difference between a
"work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library". The
former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must
be combined with the library in order to run.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION

0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or other
authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of this
Lesser General Public License (also called "this License"). Each
licensee is addressed as "you".

A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
(which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.

The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work which
has been distributed under these terms. A "work based on the Library"
means either the Library or any derivative work under copyright law:
that is to say, a work containing the Library or a portion of it,
either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
straightforwardly into another language. (Hereinafter, translation is
included without limitation in the term "modification".)

"Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
making modifications to it. For a library, complete source code means
all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control
compilation and installation of the library.

Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
covered by this License; they are outside its scope. The act of running
a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from such a
program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for writing
it). Whether that is true depends on what the Library does and what the
program that uses the Library does.

1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
and distribute a copy of this License along with the Library.

You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.

2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion of
it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and distribute
such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above, provided
that you also meet all of these conditions:

    a) The modified work must itself be a software library.

    b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no charge
to all third parties under the terms of this License.

    d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses the
facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility is
invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that, in the
event an application does not supply such function or table, the
facility still operates, and performs whatever part of its purpose
remains meaningful.

    (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has a
purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the application.
Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any application-supplied
function or table used by this function must be optional: if the
application does not supply it, the square root function must still
compute square roots.)

    These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If
identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
sections when you distribute them as separate works. But when you
distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
it.

    Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or
contest your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent
is to exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
collective works based on the Library.

    In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the
Library with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a
volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other
work under the scope of this License. 

3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library. To do
this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
instead of to this License. (If a newer version than version 2 of the
ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
that version instead if you wish.) Do not make any other change in
these notices.

Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for that
copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.

This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of the
Library into a program that is not a library.

4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or derivative
of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the
terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany it with the
complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which must be
distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
customarily used for software interchange.

If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy from
a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the source
code from the same place satisfies the requirement to distribute the
source code, even though third parties are not compelled to copy the
source along with the object code.

5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the Library,
but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or linked
with it, is called a "work that uses the Library". Such a work, in
isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and therefore falls
outside the scope of this License.

However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
library". The executable is therefore covered by this License. Section
6 states terms for distribution of such executables.

When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library. The
threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.

If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data structure
layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline functions (ten
lines or less in length), then the use of the object file is
unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative work.
(Executables containing this object code plus portions of the Library
will still fall under Section 6.)

Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6, whether
or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.

6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or link
a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a work
containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work under
terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit modification of
the work for the customer's own use and reverse engineering for
debugging such modifications.

You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
this License. You must supply a copy of this License. If the work
during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
directing the user to the copy of this License. Also, you must do one
of these things:

    a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever changes
were used in the work (which must be distributed under Sections 1 and 2
above); and, if the work is an executable linked with the Library, with
the complete machine-readable "work that uses the Library", as object
code and/or source code, so that the user can modify the Library and
then relink to produce a modified executable containing the modified
Library. (It is understood that the user who changes the contents of
definitions files in the Library will not necessarily be able to
recompile the application to use the modified definitions.)

    b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
Library. A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a copy
of the library already present on the user's computer system, rather
than copying library functions into the executable, and (2) will
operate properly with a modified version of the library, if the user
installs one, as long as the modified version is interface-compatible
with the version that the work was made with.

    c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at least
three years, to give the same user the materials specified in
Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more than the cost of performing
this distribution.

    d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
specified materials from the same place.

    e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.

For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
reproducing the executable from it. However, as a special exception,
the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies the
executable.

It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
accompany the operating system. Such a contradiction means you cannot
use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
distribute.

7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise permitted,
and provided that you do these two things:

    a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
based on the Library, uncombined with any other library facilities.
This must be distributed under the terms of the Sections above.

    b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact that
part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining where to find
the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.

8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the
Library except as expressly provided under this License. Any attempt
otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute the
Library is void, and will automatically terminate your rights under
this License. However, parties who have received copies, or rights,
from you under this License will not have their licenses terminated so
long as such parties remain in full compliance.

9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
signed it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
distribute the Library or its derivative works. These actions are
prohibited by law if you do not accept this License. Therefore, by
modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the
Library or works based on it.

10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
subject to these terms and conditions. You may not impose any further
restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
this License.

11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
excuse you from the conditions of this License. If you cannot
distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
may not distribute the Library at all. For example, if a patent license
would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by all
those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then the
only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to refrain
entirely from distribution of the Library.

If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
apply, and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
circumstances.

It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
integrity of the free software distribution system which is implemented
by public license practices. Many people have made generous
contributions to the wide range of software distributed through that
system in reliance on consistent application of that system; it is up
to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing to distribute
software through any other system and a licensee cannot impose that
choice.

This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
be a consequence of the rest of this License.

12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may
add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those
countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries
not thus excluded. In such case, this License incorporates the
limitation as if written in the body of this License.

13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time. Such
new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may
differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number. If the Library
specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
later version", you have the option of following the terms and
conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
the Free Software Foundation. If the Library does not specify a license
version number, you may choose any version ever published by the Free
Software Foundation.

14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
write to the author to ask for permission. For software which is
copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free Software
Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this. Our decision will be
guided by the two goals of preserving the free status of all
derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing and reuse
of software generally.

NO WARRANTY

15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH
YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries
If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest
possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
everyone can redistribute and change. You can do so by permitting
redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of
the ordinary General Public License).

To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library. It
is safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most
effectively convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have
at least the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is
found.

    <one line to give the library's name and an idea of what it does.>
Copyright (C) <year> <name of author>

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser
General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA


Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper
mail.

You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if
necessary. Here is a sample; alter the names:

    Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random
Hacker.

    signature of Ty Coon, 1 April 1990
    Ty Coon, President of Vice

That's all there is to it!

